# TextLine [Tab] Message: Incorrect Length XX/XX, Incorrect Line Numbers XX/XX, Possible wrong translations [Japanese list], [Tab] Line length, [Tab] Line Number
You better go quickly. She's scary when she's mad.
Yo. What happened?
I can't help you much with demonic corruption, but I will give you as much advice as I can.
Which opponent do you want to ask about?
Well, I guess If you like dogs, it may be that you don't think it's a big deal if you lose.
There's only one thing you need to worry about regarding Barghest. 『Pin Down』. That's all.
If you play around, you'll be in danger.
I don't have the vitality to kick her off even if I tried! Don't let that happen. Always remember to keep your vitality up.
『Gag』 attack.
you'll be in trouble the next turn.
The ability 『Nipple Assault』 which can cause 『Puppet』 is also troublesome. Under the 『Puppet』 status effect, you cannot attack with weapons.
Fire magic is especially useful against her. 
This boss can be said to be the first truly challenging foe. This enemy basically doubles as a 『review』 of all the game mechanics you've interacted with so far.
give up on freeing your feet. Her tentacle attacks have a set order, 『leg』→『hand』. This order is set in stone so your hands will never be bound first.
If you think that your vitality is getting low, prioritize recovering your position first. If you're being dragged towards her to the point that you're right in front of her you have an 『Opportunity to take your distance at once』
Use the consumables Adrenaline or Morphine before things start getting dangerous.
Keep your sexual desire low.
If you don't properly struggle out of these abilities, she'll most likely win.
you'll be under both of those statuses on the first turn. The first ability you should use is 『Shake Off』. Keeping those on you is a death sentence.
Do your best to never let your vitality drop below half.
Make sure you have the health to survive the attack.
If you are about to use 『Coffin Struggle』, make sure you have enough vitality, health, and a good lust level.
After making it through her first attack, you have room to use andernaline and morphine. She also has a power technique that increases ecstasy. Adrenaline can help with that, but whether it works depends on luck.
Remember, you need to be careful of Crotch Assault and Nipple Assault.
You brought this upon yourself. Do your best and repent.
You should focus on magic attacks to defeat her.
Unlike guns, Magic consumes a lot of vitality.
The magic ability 『Sylph Storm』 would help tremendously.
If you managed to find the item 『Gauntlet』, it's also effective to equip it. It significantly decreases the probability of 『bleeding』.
Desperately Kick her.
Even if you aren't 『bleeding』, keep your vitality above 45 at all times.
If you escape from her grab by kicking her, she will surely be stunned. You can attack when that happens or you can You can heal yourself. Well, It's probably better to recover yourself.
『Physical damage Doubles』. It's pretty crazy.
Maybe you think she's low on health? Or maybe you believe in Sylph Storm. If you are confident in your weapon, You could place a bet and attack her when she opens up like that.
You can probably convince her to leave if you aren't bound. The probability of successfully running away from her is also high.
Besides 『Shake Off』, don't you have a skill that lets you escape binds.
Eh....? Are you sane? You want advice for how to fight them?
I mean, you don't even have to fight them. She was just offering Puff Puff.
The best way to win is to just 『ignore』 them. They are aware that they don't have much combat capability. If you scare them a bit, they'll probably withdraw.
....Eh? You want to bring them here? You're pretty selfish man...
You'll probably need to fall to their temptation to some extent. When they cast their curse spell, that's when the challenge starts.
She's most likely faster than you.
Unless you've maxed out your Agility, she will most likely act first. If you're used to acting first, you'll need equipment that increases your speed.
If I'm remembering properly, the store in that back alley was selling some good stuff. That equipment might be able to help you.
Don't focus too hard on keeping that ability up or it'll be a battle of attrition.
It has the chance of inflicting 『Puppet』 which doesn't let you attack with weapons.
Taking all of this into consideration, you'll probably want to act before she does.
When it comes to dancing, you have to remember to keep up your vitality. You can't dance without it.
If you're mostly concerned about winning, The best strategy should be to alternate between 2 dances you're comfortable with.
No matter the technique don't mess up. If you fall or panic, you'll be in a disadvantageous position.
Your Willpower affects the time it takes for those arrows to disappear.
If you're not weakened, then until the input starts, the first arrow should be visible even if it's barely.
 Try not to get naked.
Equipment that keeps you from getting naked sounds pretty good doesn't it.
All that's left is to be careful of ecstasy. Also, I'm pretty sure it's harder to increase the viewer ratings in a normal fight compared to a dance fight.
......It seems A 『Customer』 has come to see you.
I will show you to her waiting room. It's this way...
It's alright, she won't eat you. .......probably.
If you fall into this hole, you can return to the world you came from.  
I've put blue doors in all of the rest areas. You can use them to come here any time.
When I came to, I was on a strange bed.
My last memory was, 「being in a car on a camping trip」. I remember something surprising happening in the car.
.....? Where...is this....?
"Chapter1-1Battle against barghest"
After squeezing the life out of so many people, now you're acting all cute?
Oliver (random string)'s face, she ran away.
………? What's wrong?
First, you should head for door in the left corner of this floor. The destination is the security area. After that will be the residential area.
The elevator we're aiming for is in the residential area. The demon's advance was supposed to stop in front of the residential area but...
However, considering that demon, that barghest, came by a while ago, it is probably not safe in the next area.
Oliver (random string)。
Yuuma「After the day of the accident, the world changed a lot. The war with 『demons』 began.」
Yuuma「Soon after the day of the accident, the world also changed massively. The war with the "demons" began.」
Yuuma「I originally set up the cryogenic stasis for a long period of time. If it detected you regained consciousness, the machine would open automatically.」
Yuuma「It was supposed to be set up for long-term cryogenic stasis. The machine you were in must have automatically thawed you out because it detected that you happened to regain conciousness.」
Oliver (random string). Can you hear it? Recovery of the system is now completed. Can you see the image?」
Oliver (random string)? I've finished restoring the system. Can you see me on the screen?」
The person who appeared on screen was a familiar man... Without a doubt, that was my friend Yuuma.
A familiar man was displayed on the screen in front of me. It was definitely my friend Yuuma.
Ah...Ah!! I can hear you better! Yuuma!
Yuuma looks at you through the screen with a tearful face. He hasn't changed. He's still as serious as ever.
Seriously, I wish I could just deploy and go pick you up right now but...
I'm needed here to keep things safe.
First of all, you need to escape from that 『Evacuation shelter』. There is an elevator that continues to the surface in the living quarter ahead. That's the destination.
Oliver (random string), There should be a small earpiece around there.
Is...Is this it?
Is this it?
Ssss.....!!!!?
Aa-...!?
Careful. When you put it on for the first time, it feels like wasabi rubbing against a tree for a bit.
Careful. That feeling of being hit with wasabi lasts for a while when you attach it for the first time.
You should've said something sooner...
G- gee thanks for the warning!
Wait is this OK!? It's stuck to my ear... This thing better not be dangerous...
Is this thing okay to wear!? It's stuck to my ear... it's not dangerous or anything is it...!?
Calm down, it's alright. If you try to peel it off with your hand, it should come off as easily as a magnet would.
Take it easy, it's fine. You can peel it off with your hand just like a magnet.
That device was developed around the beginning of the war with the demons. Using the vibrations from your bones, it's a device that picks up the user's voice.
It was developed around the beginning of the war with the demons. It's a communication device that picks up the wearer's voice directly from bone vibrations.
My voice should also be transmitted directly to your ear bones. Only you should hear me... but for some reason my voice will reach surroundidng demons. 
My voice is also transmitted directly via your ear bones. Only you can hear it. Or at least that's what's supposed to happen. Apparently demons around you can somehow hear it.
For that reason, the military doesn't use it even if it's popular with the general populace. It's much better than that radio though right?
So even though it was widely adopted, the military never utilised it. Still, it's much better than the wireless radio you were using before, right?
Amazing...It sounds like you're right next to me. There's no static at all.
Wow... It's like you're right next to me. There's no static or anything...
If it's like this, we won't have the same issue of not recognizing each other by our voices...
With this, it won't be like before when I heard your voice and didn't know who it was.
Be careful.
 Please be careful.
...Ok, I also understand why you have to stay there... Yeah, I'll try to do what I can from my end.
... If you can't move from where you are then there's no other way. Understood, I'll give it a try.
I'll leave the navigation to you Yuuma.
I'll be sure to ask you for directions, Yuuma.
Depending on what kind of event you're seeing you may be taken into a forced battle. Before checking Marks it's recommended that you save, and check on your items. Don't get lazy.
Depending on the progress of the event, forced combat may occur. Be sure to prepare, replenish items, and save before activating these points.
Yuuma looks at you through the screen with a tearful face. He hasn't changed. He's still as serious as ever.
Eh, you let it go? Well aren't you the nice guy. If it recovers it might attack again.
Well, you'll understand eventually.
...Brutal. Well, if we're thinking about the future, it'll be easier to finish them off.
More importantly, did you notice? That demon, didn't bleed or get hurt with your shot right?
A lot's changed in the 5 years you've been asleep. The gun you're using isn't a physical tool that shoots out a lead ball.
Wa!Wait a minute!! From a little while ago, you've been talking like you know everything... Who the hell are you!?
...That's true. We've talked too much. Well, we will be able to meet again soon.
 Wait...you cannot be killed can you?
Hey,HEY!!!
The small black fox disappeared with a *pon* sound...
It seems like this underground shelter was noticed by the demons I want to isolate and hide just this partition of the ward. I...I think it's probably just a matter of time.
It was probably locked to protect patients like you. They most likely wanted to isolate the medical ward... Still, Barghest is invading so... It can't be too hard to get that door unlocked.
There should be a terminal in the security room. You should try it and see what happens.
You can't unlock this door from there?
I've been trying since a while ago. It's not responding. That device probably has a simple security system.
If this unique lock is released, I can handle the rest from here.
Someone is asleep... No, they're in cryogenic stasis.
I should probably not touch this thing. It's not a device an amateur like me can operate.
Bloody bandages are scattered around. There are traces of thousands of strange things... They must've really been in a hurrty.
List of seized goods from MOW base facilities
....He used to be a security guard here. He's not breathing anymore....
He probably died from blood loss.... He most likely struggled until the end.
Still, I can't move forward like this. I feel bad for Mr. Victim, but I have to move him.
I can jump down from this height.
            Notice to all security officers
To all employees who are currently on guard duty  Make sure you have a gun. Do not approach a demon when it's tempting you. That is suicide.
The army will offer backup as soon as they retrieve the sick.  Our goal is to evacuate all civilians.
Until each area is closed, We can only rely on ourselves to defend this place. Please stay focused until the end.
......? This room. The air is strangely clear....
That's... Does this room not have any of those demon plants?
Oliver (random string).
There is no sign of demons around here...... Everyone seems to have escaped.........
If I'm remembering properly, there's a fire on the other side of this door. It would be dangerous to open the door...
The 2nd floor is likely to collapse now. It might be better to stay away...
Last Day In A Child's Diary
There's a lot of scary noise outside.  I'm scared so I'm building blockade.
Mom and Dad haven't returned since yesterday. I'm hungry
They told me to not to let strangers in so I've kept the door locked this whole time.
New Year's Day
I heard a door knock, and a voice on the other side. It called itself mama, but it didn't sound like my mom. It was a kind voice.
I'm scared, but I'm going to open the door. I'll be back later.
Oh? I'm back to normal. Thank goodness.、 Did someone pull me over?
……Yao Pervert
Ha……Seriously, what do I do now? Even if I go home silently, Hecate-sama will destroy me...
Hey... Why don't we just go somewhere? Just the two of us. Somewhere quite where no one will find us♡
Apparently, you seem to have survived safely. To make out of that kind of situation safely... You're pretty impressive.
From now on, be careful of being tempted by demons. Even if a demon seems weak, you don't know what kind of hidden tricks they have.
...I know that this place is peaceful and comfortable... But, you'd better go soon.
*「Oh, You're already feeling better? Isn't that great.」
*「I wish I was a little younger. Keeping the appearance of a woman is becoming much harder.」
*「………………Somehow when I'm looking at you I forget. The 『Greed』 I've tried to leave behind comes out.」
*「Me too. If I care about my body more I can probably keep going.」
…………Have you done what you wanted to do? If you have then go already.
This is not a place for people like you.
Haaah...Haaah!!
Oliver (random string)-Kun……
Oliver (random string)-kun. 
What kind of excuse are you going to look for now? You'll probably say something like you 『Hate』 them right? Well then, why do you hate demons?
…………『Killing someone only for personal desire is wrong』……… Now who was the one who said something like that?
Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
『Demons』 or 『A monster wearing a human skin』!! I wonder who'll survive in the end!!?
Or maybe, The 『you』 that I know you can be is somewhere down there. Maybe I can get that person out with reverse rape!?
Oliver (random string), It's dangerous to go further.
I don't know how old it is but Anything built here cannot be safe。
It's deep……I can't see the bottom…… …………She…Jumped from here didn't she.
…………It's not even in the realm of being scary anymore. I can't tell if I'd properly die if I jumped from here.
I can feel the evil blowing up with the wind. It feels dangerous to be here for too long. 
Yeah..... I don't want to be here...
Haa... Haa... This is insane!! That helicopter is seriously aiming at me!!!
Guh!! That helicopter's blocking the way to the park!! If this goes on, it'll be impossible to move forward.
………!! Yuuma, is the underground connected to the park!?
Oliver (random string)!
Alright!!! Now all that's left is to jump out at the right time!!
The entrance was blocked by the impact of the explosion...
....It's alright.... I'm already 『Prepared』...
Haaaa!!
If you look closely, there are two keyholes.
 were inserted into the keyholes.
Akane...... You said, you would do this for the people of the village and me.
But how am I supposed to lie without you? If I lose the only family I have left I……
………I'll be sure to unravel their identity. I will definitely save you………
......... Why do the people of the village not question anything?
If you do the 『Ceremony』 you'll stop the disaster... If Akane is sacrificed then all will be resolved. They believe that without questioning anything...
It's like everything is against you! This village doesn't have that kind of rule!!
When they... Since they came to this village, everyone started acting strange!
Amazing, big brother 『My』 ability didn't work.
You're definitely resistant to magical power. People like you appear among humans from time to time.
…………That's right. EVERYTHING is exactly what you're thinking.
The 『Ceremony』 is bullshit. The hole is 『mine』.
Every disaster and every disease was something 『I』 brought about.
Big brother, you'll become a part of 『me』. This is all for my 『purpose』 in the future.
* Giggle * Yeah. We'll also eat big brother. You will be a part of me like everyone else.
……!! My body is moving forward on its own!
I have to escape!! Escape to………To the village head………to tell………him……
* Giggle *……… Humans are weak aren't they.
* Giggle *………. But that's probably why they're so cute.
Fuck!! Fuck!!! What is this!? Not everything should be broken down like this!?
Calm down... The way things went down, it would be a miracle if everything was intact.
Most clothes are destroyed, but fortunately weapons are all right. Keep you voice down and...
Why is there no sound!! The guys from Shibu should still be over there!!
It's like... The apocalypse...
Pa...Partner?

？？？「Welcome...To my nest...」
...So it's You? The kind of human being I'm interested in...
I guess I also have some people I find interesting. Can't keep down your curiosity? Or do you want to die?
Well whatever... As you wish, I'll play with you plenty…♡ By the time we're done you won't want to go back, Hehehe♡
Ya♪ You defeated Archeny successfully hunh.
She's the kind of person who'd finish off healthy prey on her own. I've called for 『Child spider』 familiars. You better be careful.
-Roar-!! Good job making it this far! "Human"!!
Bwahahaha!! If you want to pass here, show me your spirit!
...Hmm? You don't seem very tense. You came here to see me, did you not?
Since this is a trial version, it will be over in the middle. Still, you can experience the general flow. Have fun!
Well then, let's get started ----!!
Ah, ah.... You're surprisingly a twisted person hunh…
Sphinx's battle is troublesome… Unless you try it, it's hard to know whether you like it.
Messy Writing
I don't think anyone's left, but for those unlucky enough to still not have escaped... I leave this letter.
One thing is certain. A lot of things are hindering us between here and the escape point.
Our unit is the last in charge of this district. If you're still here, nobody is coming to save you.
If you're wonder how much further... you're close. Watch out for demons, be careful, and proceed with caution.
This is Bad...... They're closing in.......
？？？「Over here!」
Here...This manhole. There's a passage here... Hurry!
You...You are!?
Let's leave the details for later. First, we have to get you somewhere safe. We'll meet on the other side.
Wha...What will you do!?
What do you mean, what will I do? It's not like I have any other options!!
 Footsteps sound louder than people's voices in the water.」
 you might want to stop running.」
Echo's presence disappeared……
 I'm going to need a key.
Commander's Memo
Yuuma came back. It seems he talked to that mermaid demon.
『Do not lower the water level』 is the promise we made. In return, she won't harm us.
It seems like 『Demons can not break promises』. This helps since I don't want any trouble.
However... If we were alone in this place, We may have been fighting with them. In that situation, nobody would think about 『Conversation』
People who have experience like Yuuma are precious. His talents will be necessary for an evacuation unit such as ourselves.
That is...A human...!? Are you still alive?
Oliver (random string)...! Clean your ears and listen carefully.
*「Ah………Ahh………Hi………♡. Archeny-sama……♡. Archeny……samaaaa」
*「Hur………rry………Eat………Me………♡. I Can't………It won't… ……Come out……♡」
*「Ah………aah………Hi…♡. Let……Me………Rest………♡」
We were too late... His spirit is completely broken……
How do I save you from such a high place? I understand how you feel, but I have to prioritize myself at the moment. ……You would do the same in my position…
Will she be alright...Empuse...
It's ok. Originally she was among Hecate's favorites. She was either first or second because of her fighting ability.
Even if her ability is restricted for the moment, she won't lose to the likes of that spider demon. By now, that demon's getting the beating of her life.
Yeah... Well then, I should do my 『job』 as well♪
...!! Amazing...It's as bright as day!
Anyways,、it is only effective in your line of sight. I will keep this light on until we leave this cave.
I can't help you in combat, so proceed with caution. 
………To be honest, there's a ton of things I want to do with you at this size.  Let's save it for when you go to my room♡
Ha, ha, ha...
She...She would be fine! I'm sure that if she can't keep her physical form, she'll just return to her room in Hell!
Oliver (random string), the exit isn't far. You've made it this far. Don't be swallowed up by 『Fear』!
You're right...Yeah, you're right. Lets go, Lampas.
If I put this on the shore of the resting place, it seems I will be able to cross over the other side......
Wh.. Where is this?
This person...He looks like 『me』... that's strange. I've never been here…...
A shrine? It looks like an old building...
Is it calling someone?
A spider's web was stretched tightly over the entrance. I don't think I'll be able to make squeeze past it.
You seem to have gone outside. Wait a sec. I'm getting your exact coordinates.
…………Good, everything's OK.
 lighting equipment that my troops set up.
Many parts of the city is collapsed. You'll have to worry about that, and be wary of any sign of demon activity.
Oliver (random string), Did you hear that?
Ah,Oh! Sorry...Yuuma. I heard you.、I should go looking for a lighting device right?
Oliver (random string). I understand the content of that tape was shocking. I did not want you to find out this way...
I just can't believe that Reina, one of your best friends, would leave a tape like that.
I know... Until we hear the truth from Reina's mouth, I am not convinced either. There has to be some reason...
Besides, the fact of the matter is, she is being chased by M.O.W. No matter what she says, we have to help her.
………You really are strong.
…………I envy you.
Oliver (random string).
Oh, Good job making it this far. If you've survived this long then I must say you've passed.
Fufufu... It seems I need to introduce myself again. I serve as the Secretary of the Netherworld Guardian. My name is 『Meira』.
Ou, I am the Guardian of that Netherworld. You may call me 『Cushion』. Make sure 『You』 don't forget it.
Plu.... A Plush Doll!?
Ou, What's wrong? You don't think a cushion can be the Guardian of the Netherworld?
It's like this every time. The first time a person visits here, they are suprised by the appearance of our Lord. Is it such a surprising thing?
You don't say!! Who wouldn't be surprised by this?!!
Putting that aside... To the matter at hand...
Ou, That's right. The truth is, Meira asked to support you so we called you here.
I'm going to be frank.
……………What!!?
You must have experienced it yourself right? You have the ability to shoot magic. You have "Magical powers".
That is originally a power that human beings do not possess. Power that ignores the laws of the universe. You are already a "soul that exists outside of human rationale".
Oliver (random string)-sama's friend surmised, your soul has been deliberately mutated... Nothing can be done about it.
Your soul cannot reincarnate thus it will be caught in the nothingness of space.
No... No way...
I mean... And this is purely hypothetical, We could toss your soul somewhere since there's nowhere to store it in the universe. You're in a very troublesome position.
Even the report I'm writing here is going through a ridiculous amount of revision.
So our Lord is thinking about making a suggestion regarding 『Special treatment』
Special treatment?
When you die, I will revive you here.
Re...Revive!? But how!?
 If you were to equip this insignia when you die, I will recall your soul here.
When you're one step away from a Game Over, we'll bring you back to life here so you can continue.
 you can be demon food. All you have to do is remove the insignia.
It's outside my jurisdiction.
for battles that you do not want to lose for convenience, or when you have not saved for a long time, I recommend you attach the insignia.
...Hmm? Hey! Have you understood everything properly!?
I know it's impossible, but you didn't just conk out and ignore all the important things I just said did you?
Really, that's good then. Well then, let's continue the conversation.
Haa... It can not be helped then. Meira, summarize what I said in three lines.
That's about it.
………You summarized it so easily, I'm jealous.
and you talk to me or the Lord, we will be able to help you in a variety of ways.
If you want to defeat the enemy that defeated you, you might want to try to improve your position first.
Now, with this I've said my piece.
Meira. Didn't you have something you wanted to ask this guy?
Yes, my lord. It will surely be a useful deal for both parties.
Wha... What are you making me do?
Oliver (random string).
Please come to this room. I have something I want to give to you...
？？？「Oy!! You. Yes you! That 'human' over there!」
？？？「You... You smell. It smells like you killed demons. It is the scent of hatred...」
The backup power supply is making a loud noise.... The Barghests will definitely gather here.
... One of them survived?
Barghest lies down on the spot. She's desperately flapping one of her hind legs about.
That foot...
What is it.... That dirty bandage is....
...Aaah, that's right. I remember now.
In other words, you have no intention of attacking me?
...Come here Barghest.
Wan!!!
How many people have you killed? How many innocent people have you instinctively killed!!
I will not be fooled. You are the enemy of humanity.
Oliver (random string)。
No, Nothing. I've changed my mind is all.
Wan!!
Hey... That foot...Look at it...
Ahaha... Apparently, she's helped you...
Come on... Here I am sweating buckets because of this trouble... Well, I guess I shouldn't expect any different when it comes to you...
Anyways, you should now be able to proceed. Proceed to the residential area like this.
This seems to be the bed I was sleeping in. Actually it's more like a capsule if anything.
It seems I was asleep on this... bed? Actually it looks more like a capsule.
It seems to have stopped operating.
It doesn't seem to be working anymore.
The captain completed the evacuation of critical patients to this facility. If the cryogenic stasis procedure for this patient is completed, we will prepare for withdrawal as well.
The captain completed the evacuation of serious patients to this facility. When the cryogenic stasis procedure of this patient is completed, we will be preparing for withdrawal as well.
This man is an acquaintance of the captain, a really important, close friend apparently. Though the captain always gets results on the front lines, I understand the reason behind voluntarily accepting this kind of paperwork duty.
This guy is an acquaintance of the captain. He's a very important and close friend. Now I understand why the captain who always goes to the frontlines is here doing this paperwork. I see why he took this role.
...? This memo ends abruptly. Did something happen...?
...? This memo ends abruptly after this. Did something happen?
Is this...... a radio? It looks like it's linked to a PC...
This is... a radio? It seems like it's linked with a computer...
Only one thing for it, let's get this thing online!
!! Only one part of it is marked 「online」
With a feeling of desperation, I clicked on the button and got a wireless radio.
With my heart sinking, I click on the button and pick up the wireless mic.
Please... Connect...
Please... Connect...
?「............ this is D point, station area platform.」
？「…………This is D point. The Station area platform.」
!!! Hello?! Can you hear me?!
!!! Hello? Can you hear me?!!
?「Is that a survivor ...? I didn't think there were any left...」
？「A survivor? I didn't think there were any left.」
Su- Survivors...!? None left anymore...!? ...... What happened here!?
Sur...Survivor!? There aren't any more left? What happened here?! 
?「First calm down. State your name and current location.........」
？「First, calm down. What's your name and current location...」
Oliver (random string) is that you!?」
Oliver (random string) it's you isn't it!?」
Why, is my name so...
Ho... How do you know my name?
Yuuma!? What do you mean by "timing"...?
Yu... Yuuma!? Now...
Hey! What happened in that car!? What kind of situation am I in!! 
Hey, what happened in that car!? What kind of situation, am I in right now!? 
Oliver (random string)!!! Calm down! You just woke from cryogenic stasis! You'll lose conciousness if you get too agitated!」
Oliver (random string)!!! Calm down! You just awoke from cryogenic stasis! If you get too excited, you will lose consciousness!」
Haaaaaah......! Haaaaah......!!!
Haaah...Haaah....!!!
Oliver (random string)?」
Oliver (random string).」
Yeah, thanks Yuuma.
Aaaa... Thank you, Yuuma.
Yuuma「...Yeah, it's pretty understandable you'd be confused when you look it from your point of view.」
Yuuma「......That's right. If you look at it from your perspective, you went from that situation, directly into this. It makes sense that you'd be confused.」
Yuuma「However, it's hard to hear you from this terminal, we also aren't able to pick up each other's images either.」
Yuuma「But from this terminal, I'm having trouble hearing you. We can't see each other either...」
Yuuma「There's a communications room just ahead, we can go over everything there.」
Yuuma「Not too far from there, there's a communication room. If you go there, we can talk in more depth.」
Oh, right... okay. I'll head out of this room. 
Ah... I understand. For now, I'll leave this room.
....Yeah I should probably put something on....
OK, I can still feel the air on my thighs, but this is at least a little better.
Ok, even though there's a bit too much breathing room in these pants, it's definitely a little better.