# TextLine [Tab] Message: Incorrect Length XX/XX, Incorrect Line Numbers XX/XX, Possible wrong translations [Japanese list], [Tab] Line length, [Tab] Line Number
? Really? Do you seriously want advice to help you deal with barghests?
Get the hell outta here... You don't even know how to deal with dogs?
Example-sama, your soul has mutated to an undesirable form without having made a contract with a demon. That is, it was not by your own will...
For personal reasons, Our Lord doesn't want to handle that kind of soul.
With this.
Let's talk about what kind of support we can provide. I'm sure you'll find it useful.
You cannot pass over to the other side.
Yuuma「After the day of the accident, the world changed a lot. The war with 『demons』 began.」
Yuuma「Soon after the day of the accident, the world also changed massively. The war with the "demons" began.」
Yuuma「I originally set up the cryogenic stasis for a long period of time. If it detected you regained consciousness, the machine would open automatically.」
Yuuma「It was supposed to be set up for long-term cryogenic stasis. The machine you were in must have automatically thawed you out because it detected that you happened to regain conciousness.」
Yuuma「To put it simply, yeah pretty much. But barghests invaded there a little while ago. You'll need to be guided to a safe place.」
Yuuma「To put it simply, yeah pretty much. But barghests invaded there a little while ago. You'll need to be guided to a safe place.」
Yuuma「Example. Can you hear it? Recovery of the system is now completed. Can you see the image?」
Yuuma「Can you hear me, Example? I've finished restoring the system. Can you see me on the screen?」
The person who appeared on screen was a familiar man... Without a doubt, that was my friend Yuuma.
A familiar man was displayed on the screen in front of me. It was definitely my friend Yuuma.
Is...Is this it?
Is this it?
Ssss.....!!!!?
Aa-...!?
Careful. When you put it on for the first time, it feels like wasabi rubbing against a tree for a bit.
Careful. That feeling of being hit with wasabi lasts for a while when you attach it for the first time.
You should've said something sooner...
G- gee thanks for the warning!
Wait is this OK!? It's stuck to my ear... This thing better not be dangerous...
Is this thing okay to wear!? It's stuck to my ear... it's not dangerous or anything is it...!?
Calm down, it's alright. If you try to peel it off with your hand, it should come off as easily as a magnet would.
Take it easy, it's fine. You can peel it off with your hand just like a magnet.
That device was developed around the beginning of the war with the demons. Using the vibrations from your bones, it's a device that picks up the user's voice.
It was developed around the beginning of the war with the demons. It's a communication device that picks up the wearer's voice directly from bone vibrations.
My voice should also be transmitted directly to your ear bones. Only you should hear me... but for some reason my voice will reach surroundidng demons. 
My voice is also transmitted directly via your ear bones. Only you can hear it. Or at least that's what's supposed to happen. Apparently demons around you can somehow hear it.
For that reason, the military doesn't use it even if it's popular with the general populace. It's much better than that radio though right?
So even though it was widely adopted, the military never utilised it. Still, it's much better than the wireless radio you were using before, right?
Amazing...It sounds like you're right next to me. There's no static at all.
Wow... It's like you're right next to me. There's no static or anything...
If it's like this, we won't have the same issue of not recognizing each other by our voices...
With this, it won't be like before when I heard your voice and didn't know who it was.
Be careful.
 Please be careful.
...Ok, I also understand why you have to stay there... Yeah, I'll try to do what I can from my end.
... If you can't move from where you are then there's no other way. Understood, I'll give it a try.
I'll leave the navigation to you Yuuma.
I'll be sure to ask you for directions, Yuuma.
While playing through the story, continously flashing '!' points of interest will appear.
While playing through the story, continously flashing '!' points of interest will appear.
These signify that if you examine this point of interest there will be a story event.
These signify that if you examine this point of interest there will be a story event.
Depending on what kind of event you're seeing you may be taken into a forced battle. Before checking Marks it's recommended that you save, and check on your items. Don't get lazy.
Depending on the progress of the event, forced combat may occur. Be sure to prepare, replenish items, and save before activating these points.
The rest of the demons will hold a grudge.
Now that I think about it... It looked like some kind of spark appeared instead.
Yuuma「Right, I can hear your voice clearly from in here. Can you hear me?」
Oh, it's clearer than before. Could you quickly explain this all to me, my head's still mixed up from before.
First of all, what happened to us back then? Weren't we supposed to be heading up the mountain to go camping?
Yuuma「Oh, we were in an accident on the mountain road that day. We were hit by an oncoming car.」
Yuuma「We were seriously injured in that accident... You've been in a coma for a long time.」
Coma... How long have I been sleeping?
Yuuma「............It's been five years. You were sleeping for five years.」
Five whole years!?
Yuuma「Mankind was dominant at first, but was gradually pushed back. That district was occupied recently by demons.」
Yuuma「I have unconcious patients in critical condition, including you. They were evacuated to the ward area of the underground shelter.」
Yuuma「I have unconcious patients in critical condition, including you. They were evacuated to the ward area of the underground shelter.」
So in other words... I completely missed the evacuation, and now I've woken up alone and stranded here in this zone?
Yuuma「First and foremost, do not mate with them.」
Yuuma「First and foremost, do not mate with them.」
HAH!? The hell are you saying in this kind of situation!!
Yuuma「I'm serious. You're such an easy-going kind of guy. Because they're harmless, you might end up completely at their mercy.」
Yuuma「Besides, you saw it didn't you? That thing's different from a normal dog or cat.」
Yuuma「Also, it'll take a bit of time to get control of this facility's systems.」
Yuuma「Also, it'll take a bit of time to get control of this facility's systems.」
Yuuma「So I'll disconnect the radio for the time being, don't be alarmed.」
Yuuma「So I'll disconnect the radio for the time being, don't be alarmed.」
I can't hear anything from the radio.
I can't hear anything from the radio.
What the hell..."demons", "mating"... I still don't understand any of this shit.
For now, let's find some weapons. I think I saw something on that chair a moment ago...
I can't hear anything on the radio. It looks like it's going to take some time to restore the system.
I can't hear anything on the radio. It looks like it's going to take some time to restore the system.
The look on his face was enough to make me forget it'd been five years. The face I knew hadn't changed, and I unconciously felt a sense of safety.
The look on his face was enough to make me forget it'd been five years. The face I knew hadn't changed, and I unconciously felt a sense of safety.
... I suppose it'd be stupid of me to worry about your physical condition given your situation.
I'm so glad... to hear your voice again. Five years... five years. You had me worried you son of a bitch...!
Heh, five years and you still haven't changed. Though something that's a bit weird are those clothes you're wearing, they're pretty stuffy.
A lot's happened... Believe it or not, but I've now been made captain of a small military group.
You? A captain? Your troops are gonna have a pretty rough time.
Hey don't say that. In fact it's thanks to that that I was able to safely evacuate you there.
... That's right. Securing your safety is now top priorty. Listen carefully to what I'm about to say.
... Okay
That's right, I can't relax just yet. I'm underground in an area rampant with demons, I'm not out of the woods yet.
That's right, I can't relax just yet. I'm underground in an area rampant with demons, I'm not out of the woods yet.
I'm currently on the undersea train platform. The evacuation of residents and troops has finished and the only evacuation train I've obtained is a maintainance locomotive.
I was going to use it to escape by myself, I was actually planning on leaving pretty soon.
... I really was here just in time.
W- wait!! Like before... I don't really understand. You want me to go out there alone in a place with demons wandering around?
It's okay, I'll give you directions. If you use the portable communication device that's in this room, I'll be able to use your coordinates to continuously monitor your location.
Yeah... leave it to me.
A gun's been casually left on this chair. It shines like it's never been fired once.
A gun's been casually left on this chair. It shines like it's never been fired once.
Is this what I saw earlier...? Having this will be more reassuring than going around unarmed...
Raaaarr.........
!!! That's the one I saw from before...!
A demon called a barghest. It rushed up to me the moment it noticed me.
It didn't look particularly terrifying. It was wagging its tail and staring intently at me.
Its behaviour and appearance ran contrary to the warnings I'd heard, and I unconciously relaxed my finger on the trigger of my gun.
...... Damn! Cool it...! This thing's a demon, not a dog...!
Haaaaah! Haaaah!!
The lights are on... Has the system been restored?
Those damn dogs aren't an issue, they don't bother me at all. (Though some guys have literally gotten caught.) The problem is that stupid big monster.
That monster and that brat, they must not learn of the existence of this place. I'm going to the combat zone with the troops, even if only to act as a diversion.
I've got a shotgun now. So to whoever's reading this memo, I leave to you a peashooter I've been keeping as a precious emergency weapon. Yoshihiro
A Researcher's Scribblings
There should be a residential area up ahead... but it looks like it's been locked...
Are those... barghests? I thought there was only one of them. Are there really so many here?...
I'm guessing they were attracted by the sound of the door unlocking. This is a long corridor, sounds echo more than usual.
But this is a problem... You won't be able to move on if they hang around there.
It looks like it'd be tough to force my way through. It'd be good if something could draw them away...
If something made a loud noise, it might be able to act as a diversion.
I see...... He woke up....... He's kept us waiting quite a while.......
There's a local helicopter equipped with E-001 already standing by above the target. They're awaiting your permission.
Excellent, I'll approve it. Please send "E-001" to him.
Ha. As you request.......
............ Shall I show you? Example? What kind of "ability" you have.......
Arf...
These are products seized from the suspicious group M.O.W. after the occupation of their bases of operation. Magical items are also included, so take special care when handling these.
1. Blessing ceremonial dagger: 1 2. Flash grenades: 2 3. Silver rounds: 156
4. Adrenaline: 10 5. Magical Tablets: 3 6. Rosaries: 4 7. Jewels: 7
After the mantis invasion in the living quarters, the passage leading to the hospital section has been blocked off.
In order to prevent a door release from the outside by anyone other than those with the master key, The password of the door was manually changed to something simple.
I've used the number of silver rounds seized by the police as the password.
Unless it's unavoidable, if you don't have confidence to manage the monsters outside, for the safety of the patients please do not open that door.
Admission to the residential area is currently restricted. If you are an administrator, please enter your password.
OK, it's open.
... No good.
... I see. In other words, you were in a bad spot about to be attacked, and without thinking you fired off a magic-like attack? Is that it?
... Try not to be surprised.
In truth, I have the same power.
!!? What the hell kind of shit are you saying so casually!
I've gotten used to it, it's been five years. I was confused at the beginning like you are now.
Why the hell... Such a power...
... Do you remember that religious organization called "M.O.W."? They were always doing inhuman rituals, and every time it was picked up in the news...
Oh yeah... "Designated National Security Threat". I remember it because I kept hearing about it over and over again.
The oncoming car that hit us that day... Was a "M.O.W." vehicle being chased by police after a massive round-up of their members.
!!! So, don't tell me...!?
The appearance of demons which resulted in the demons you see now and the war today, is said to be because of that group's involvement. No matter how you look at it, it's probably them.
But since our girlfriends Micah and Reina strangely don't have any visible abnormalities, I I was thinking just a while ago about a different cause for our powers.
But this has made it clear to me. Because of that accident, only you and I became able to shoot magic. And it's because of something that was loaded on that "M.O.W." car.
"Something"...
I couldn't find anything at the accident site. The car was empty as if they weren't carrying anything inside. 
I've had the army guys investigate the body of the car over and over inside and out. But they've not found any abnormalities.
Is it supernatural, or a drug of some kind?
It's been five whole years running off my feet like this. Thanks to having this ability, I was specially selected by the military.
You should also put that ability to good use. Still, it'll be confusing at first...
To be honest, I'm still scared... But knowing that you also have this ability is a huge load off.
I'm glad you were the one who answered the radio that first time...
Oh yeah, you would have used up all your strength in that last battle. Since you're in a rest area and all, why don't you have a rest? There's a bed there.
No I can't do that. There's no guarantee that the area you're in will stay safe...
Don't push yourself, Example! Your body is already heavily burdened.
Besides, don't worry about me. I have a barrier up that demons can't breach too easily.
There might be another ambush like the one you just had before. There's a long road ahead of us, let's proceed carefully.
... Yeah, you're right. Sorry, Yuuma.
These shelves are locked. Looking at the door, it seems to be a combination lock.
Though a lot of time has passed since "Anti-Demon Firearms Ammunition", AKA "Demon Rounds" have spread into wide use, there are still even now countless reports doubting the effectiveness of "Demon Rounds" from staff who don't understand how they work.
So shelter administrators, please prepare some time to explain to all your staff the following key points.
【Demon Rounds Are Immaterial】 Unlike outdated lead ammunition, demon rounds superheat "Magic Ore" into a warhead of immaterial magic power.
【They're Harmless to Humans】 Though the rounds have a temporary stun effect on humans, there are essentially no lasting impacts when used on people.
【They Do Not Physically Hurt Demons】 The power of Demon Rounds is that they collide with the magical power that keeps demons materialised in this world. The damage they receive is the rounds scraping away that magic. Therefore, damage does not appear as external trauma.
However, your opponent will become unable to maintain their physical form, and in most cases they will run away before their form is lost. Don't get confused into thinking the rounds aren't working and let up on your attacks.
Hey, how are you?
I'll teach you anything you don't understand about "rest areas".
"Rest area"?
Beds
Tea sets
Capsules
There are several of these places in the story. They're safe zones.
There are several of these places in the story. They're safe zones.
 can't get in here.
So take it easy and rest and save your game. Prepare for the next battle.
You never know when the next event or boss fight will happen. Well, it's mostly when you activate a 「!」 mark...
Beds will fully restore your Willpower and Vitality, and reset your Lust to 0. It's in the bottom right-hand corner of this room.
Using it doesn't consume any items, so you should use it whenever you stop by a rest area, even if your stats have only decreased a little.
Using beds in rooms other than rest areas is dangerous.
there is a risk of being attacked while sleeping.
It's the thing next to the save terminal. Basically, it has the same effect as using the bed.
You'll get the "herbal tea" buff after you rest.
You'll get the "herbal tea" buff after you rest.
temporarily reduce the amount of lust you get when you take damage.
temporarily reduce the amount of lust you get when you take damage.
You should definitely use them if you've got some left over before a boss fight.
It's a device that draws out the potential in the body.
Safety has been properly taken into account. So you can only raise your abilities so much.
This is indicated as "SP (skill points)". They are apparently automatically decided by the state of the user's body.
But if your level goes up, or a demon likes you, your available SP will increase.
But if your level goes up, or a demon likes you, your available SP will increase.
To learn something, press "enter" or the "→ key". You can undo learned magic by pressing the "← key".
Choose carefully.
Nothing
The workbench is a place to do a variety of work as its name suggests. It's the desk-like thing located up from the capsule.
From there, it's possible to reload the spent bullets collected after a reload back into a magazine so you can use them again.
From there, it's possible to reload the spent bullets collected after a reload back into a magazine so you can use them again.
You can also modify weapons if you have the right tools. You can even reprocess them into something entirely different.
You can also modify weapons if you have the right tools. You can even reprocess them into something entirely different.
Available recipes will gradually increase as you acquire the relevant weapons and items, so you should take a look every now and then.
It's the big wooden box by the bed. This wasn't in the trial version.
If you've got items you can't carry, or weapons you can't use, put them in there. And take them out when you need to use them.
If you pick up something you can't hold on to because your inventory's full, it'll be automatically transferred there.
You know how much you can carry at one time. If you don't frequently replenish your stock you'll find yourself in trouble.
Hello Example, please wake up. Slowly open your eyes ....
What's this...? It's similar to the cryogenic stasis device I was sleeping in...
It a military-use body augmentation device... Everyone calls it a "capsule".
Body augmentation device... It sounds kinda scary.
That's probably why it was nicknamed "Capsule". It's safe, it's nothing as outrageous as so-called body modding.
It meshes with your abilities, and activates the cells in the body. It strengthens the ability of the designated part of your body.
Of course, if you use it too much, it will decrease the regenerative ability of your cells and reduce your lifespan. That's why there's a limiter in place to keep things reasonable.
You were in contact with a demon not too long ago. You should be able to strengthen yourself a bit.
Well then, if it's not dangerous...
Do you think they'd put such a dangerous thing in rest areas? The military guys used it to brag about their levels. Make free use of it.
Ugh...
.
.
There's a bed. Looks like I can use it to rest my tired body.
Example has completely recovered!
DAMMIT, DAMMIT, DAMMIT, DAMMIT. What the hell is this? My arm won't stop bleeding.
I thought I was done for when that dog in heat threw itself at me.
I mean, I'm right aren't I? It's horrible just thinking about mating with such a monstrosity until you die.
So I kicked it away. And then what happened? This time the look on its face changed, and the damn thing tore me up!!!
Even worse, as soon as I escaped into this reserve power room, there was a blackout and the door stopped responding!! Dammit! Those government morons thought we had all escaped!!
If I activate the reserve power supply here, the door will open. But if I do that, I'll be killed by that hot-blooded mutt howling on the other side of the door. That's right, "killed"!!!
I don't want this... I didn't want to be raped to death by a demon. But I REALLY don't want to die in this massive pain...
I've lost feeling in this hand I'm writing with to distract myself... I will live. I will live.
This... looks like quite an old machine...
It appears to be a reserve power supply device. I've turned on the main power at the terminal in the communications room, so there's no need to forcibly operate it now.
That's right, I don't think you should touch it. You don't know what awful thing would happen if you did, after all.
!!! Who are you!?
Ahahah♪ Don't get so worked up. If I was going to attack you, I wouldn't be showing up so openly.
You were about to switch that on just to satisfy your curiosity weren't you? I think that'd be particularly dangerous, don't you?
...? What do you mean?
That machine is old as it looks, so it makes an incredible noise. Something like that would echo way too much through this silent facility.
Those barghests sensitive to that noise will gather in here. This room's a dead end, so if you don't have an escape route other than the entrance, there won't be time to run.
... Thanks for your kindness. But why are you telling us all this?
This won't be mere kindness, either. What are you planning?
You've got good judgement, don't you!
I thought that since you're a human wandering around in a place like this where the evacuation's already finished, you might be interested in this kind of thing!
... Um, sorry but... aren't you curious about that huge, pink, vibrator...?
Huh...?
Haa!!!? N-, no you've got it wrong!!!! Here! Take it take it!!!
What she took out was a slender thing, almost like a katana grip, densely engraved with a lot of characters.
Whah! W- w- w-, what is it!?
It's a weapon called a "Sword of Blessedness"♪ It makes an immaterial blade in response to the magical power of the wielder.
It's easy to carry, and you can quickly switch to it when you can't rely on bullets!
That's why I'm gonna give it to ya. As a token of my acquaintance♪
"Your acquaintance"... Don't tell me you intend on doing business with me with this kind of item ...
Thaaat's it!! After all, you survive by scavenging stuff from around here, that's gotta make you a little uneasy right?
Soooo♪, since money's the key to everything ☆, I'll sell ya stuff cheap so come buy won't ya?
T- That's... really helpful but...
Do you understand? We are "human". For you lot, even if we're not enemies, we're not allies.
Certainly, there may be times where we need to replenish items, but why are you offering to do business with us?
It's like this, I like doing business, the source of human desire. Doing deals that bring mutual profits.
So it doesn't matter who it is. If I can rack up fat stacks of cash by getting you the stuff you you need, that's fine by me.
Of course I won't force you♪. It's fine if you only make use of me when you need to.
Even if you just wanna talk, feel free to come chat with me.
...... Hyakki-san, can I ask you something?
Don't worry about the "san" bit. Unless ya wanna call me "onee-san". So? What's up?
This machine... it'll make a hell of a noise, right? If so, that'd be enough to bring the barghests all in here...
!!That's right, we'll deliberately make a noise and draw the barghests into this room!!
Have you got one yet?
Well I'm getting out of here the moment you do that, so before then you can buy any items you need.
Oh? You've gone and it. See ya later, I'll catch up with you in a bit.
Upsy daisy
Oh yeah. What's your name, onii-san?
Me of all people almost left without knowing the name of my valued customer.
......... I'm Example.
Okey dokey, Example right? I'll remember that! I'll teach you some pointless info while I'm at it!
Example, you can shoot magic, can't you? Well that makes you the perfect semen squeezing target for demons. Watch yourself, okay?
.........? Why...? 
For demons, human essence is like food. If they can get some magic material on top of that, there won't be anyone who wouldn't want to eat you up.
For example, normal milking is like just eating plain cooked meat. You'd be like eating that pork cutlet stuff with sauce poured over it!
Huh... Pork cutlet you say...?
Fufufu, yesserie. Example, you'll be preferred over ordinary people by female demons, and you're more likely to get attacked.
Do your best not to get eaten out there. You're my important customer after all.
She's a strange one... A demon whose hobby is business...?
I can't trust her completely yet, but if she can help resupply you with goods, it wouldn't be a bad idea to make use of her.
... It's certainly making a hell of a noise.
There's no time to dawdle. The barghests are going to turn up attracted to this noise.
Hurry up and get out of there without using the main door.
It's a big vent. The trail of blood continues in here.
It's probably an air vent for reserve power supply. It was likely blocked off on purpose...
Hey♪. Do ya need something?
There! We go.
Haaah...............! Haaah............!!
.................. Okay, the door's locked! You should be safe now.
Sit down and rest for a while Example. You're out of breath.
A- Are there... demons here too...?!
There's no response at this stage. But it's worrying... The power supply for the whole section is dead.......
The power transmitted from that boiler earlier is supplementing the power supply of this corridor and a rest area.......
For now, let's go into the rest area up ahead once your breathing settles down.
U- understood...
That reminds me... I forgot to ask this before... Are Micah and Reina both okay?
Yeah they're doing fine. But then as soon as the demon strife began, it wasn't really the time or place to worry about stuff like love.
Micah followed me into the army, I didn't ask her to. Not only that, it would've been fine for her to do clerical work, but she specifically volunteered for frontline fighting, and didn't mention it to me once.
I let her go thinking she'd probably give up in a few days. That girl, she's now the captain of a unit just like me. That's seriously not cool...
Fufufu... Nothing's changed in five years huh. You and Micah both always get your way.
... Ah but if that's how things have gone for you, I've been sleeping and feebleminded for five years, so I'd expect Reina's ditched me.

Voice On radio「Negative, do not return to HQ, load "E-002" at the city branch, and go on standby at the facility.」
Voice On Radio「If "E-001" fails then prepare to airdrop "E-002". Over and out.」
Good grief, work's gotten nuts hasn't it, buddy. I really don't think "E-001"'s gonna fail.
... Don't put so much faith in demons. Though it's a weapon and follows our orders, it's not docile.
Now let's cut the chatter and head back to the branch.
Rightio.
What the hell's this!!? Was this what I heard falling before!?
A "Black Coffin".......... Don't tell me they've already gotten wind...
Yuuma...?
Hey Example. Stay calm and listen to me. First of all, this thing didn't fall from above ground.
The surface of the ceiling's just peeling off. The evacuation shelter's protected by numerous layers of steel anyway.
This thing didn't just happen to fall, it's been "transferred" to you.
"Transfer"!? Who on earth!? I mean, why's it been transferred here in the first place!?
As for "who", their symbol has been brazenly written on it. It's M.O.W.
Those guys want absolutely nothing more than to experiment on us because of the changes we've undergone.
Ex-, experiment!?
Soon after I joined the army, these "black coffins" started appearing in front of me over and over again, just like it has for you now.
Inside these things is almost always their pride and joy, a biological weapon created by blending demons.
A being created just for experiments, a merging of one demon with another. Those guys are playing God.
S- so... Is it possible there's a biological weapon in this one too?
... The lid's already open. It's likely laying low and keeping its eye on you right now.
They're even more cunning compared to other demons. It probably won't come after you in a straightforward way. Stay alert and keep moving, Example.
Huh...? This door's... open...? It's kinda just swaying there...
The autodoors should be locked because there's no power running to them... But it looks like the lock itself is busted.
Wow......... it's pitch black in here...
If there's no lights from those plants like back in the communications room, then you probably won't be able to see anything in here either.
But the power's back on now. You can restore this room's power with the next battery you find.
... That voice, a human...?
There's two of them...? No, only one... they're having a conversation...
A human......... A human......... There're still some left......... Ahaha .........
What is that...?!?
There are multiple female voices inside this pitch black room that should be cloaked in silence.
I encountered it in the room just before. The same voice I'd heard earlier from that Lampas demon.
*Giggle*......... ♡ Come here...... ♡ To my sweet scent......... ♡
We'll gently melt you away in our nectar....... ♡ We'll make you feel soooo gooood...♡ ♡
Example!! Get out of there! Before they block up the exit like last time!!
 needs to go in here.
Yao, how are you?
It's me, the Lampas-chan who came after you in the reserve power room just before. ♡ Have you already forgotten? ♡
Huh? You've got a strange look on your face. Do you think it's weird that I'm not attacking you?
... You deliberately let me go when I ran away before, didn't you? That's got me a little interested in you...
It wouldn't be a bad idea to understand my opponent better before we become one. ♡ You can relax, I won't try to harm you anymore.
Hey, did you know? Though you certainly live in just a single world, we demons can go to all sorts of different worlds through the Demon Realm.
If there's a world where you end up as demon food, there's also a world with a time axis where you're one step before now......
a world where you kill demons
... Do you get what I'm trying to say?
Just because it's a different world, doesn't mean you can do whatever you want.
if you're killing our family in another world somewhere. We'll definitely lose trust in you.
Not only that... I'll definitely come stop you.
Don't kill demons out of curiosity...... You're sure to regret it.......
That kind of world won't exist if you don't want it to.
 isolate this world.
But seriously, don't get involved in that just to satisfy your curiosity. It's a path of carnage...
...!!Wait, Example. The demons around you..... they're disappearing in response.
I don't know whether they're simply disobeying Hectate's instructions, but this is convenient for us.
Let's head to the center of the residential area with the elevator right away. Attach the final battery, and the path should open.
'Mind corruption' happens when you're attacked by a demon and offer up your life to them. It's a stain on your spirit, kind of like a penalty for dying.
You can see what kind of penalties you have by checking your passive skills in the "Skills" screen.
the more you lose, the stronger the effect will be.
If you get milked it'll go up 3 levels. Even if you have the Hell's Indulgence equipped, it'll still go up a level.
You'll be so pathetic you won't even be able to win against beatable opponents.
... Hmmm? Should you go back to an earlier save from before you lost?
It's a stain on your soul.
 So if you lose even once, it's part of your data. Even if you close the game the second you lose, you'll still get the corruption. ♪
just win against that demon.
it's fighting and overcoming the weakness of your spirit.
However, having mind corruption is quite the handicap. If you're not careful, you might get the tables turned on you.
Broadly speaking, you have three options open to you when you fight demons.
One is "Escape". It's the simplest, and the most dependant on luck.
However, once a demon's found some prey, I don't think they'll let it escape so easily.
It's really all down to luck.
If you've tried to "escape" a bunch of times, sooner or later I think the demon will give up and let you run away.
Both of these choices will appear if your opponent's strength decreases.
"Let her go" won't get you any magical power, and you'll only win half the money you normally would, but your friendship level for that demon will increase.
On the flipside, "Finish off" will greatly reduce your friendship level with that demon, but you'll gain their magical power and your level will go up.
... I think it'd be better to cherish your friendship though. It'd be beneficial for the both of you...
The higher it is, the more trusted you are.
If that demon comes to "My Room", you'll be able to raise it in big chunks.
the "Persuade" command in the Action menu will become more effective. If you're lucky, you'll get some items from them as well.
You'll also be less likely to get into "Accident" battles. And even when they do happen, it's much more likely for them to turn out better. ♪
whenever you choose "Finish off", you'll lose a big chunk of friendship points, so be careful.
it's not like we're trying to kill you.
You just sort of happen to die as a result... Ahahah♪
if you're nice to us, then we'll be nice to you.
We'll eat you up, though ♪
An "Accident" battle is a normal battle that begins with slightly different starting conditions.
Basically, they don't occur in boss or event battles. They happen during symbol or random encounters.
They consist of simple pre-emptive attacks from the demon, or spatial distortions that put you at a disadvantage.
Oh yeah, even when we just come up to talk to you, it'll be considered an "Accident" battle.
you'll mostly be at a disadvantage.
The higher your friendship level, the lower the probability. The higher your "Mind corruption", the higher the probability.
Especially if your "mind corruption" reaches its max level. You can get yourself into insta-death "Accident" battles if that happens, so be careful.
Oh man.... Yuuma, isn't there anywhere else I can get a battery?
That room you can physically get to in the that powered corridor, is probably the only place.
In other words, a pitch black space where we don't even know how many enemies there are. It's too risky to try breaking through.
So, what to do...
???「In that case... Please use this.」
...! Stop right there!!
Fufufu... Please don't point such a dangerous thing at me.
... I'm sorry, but in this situation, and dressed like that. I'd be stupid to think you're a survivor.
You... what are you! Depending on your reply I'll...
Dress... Fufu, well certainly.
But hearing your conversation, you need a light do you not? I simply wanted to give this to you...
She has an emergency-use lantern. It looks like it's been turned on, the inside of it is shining brightly.
It would seem that Lampas demon becomes quite animated in response to the presence of males.
I used this when I went to have a look in that room, but since you seem to be in a spot of trouble, I'll let you have it.
Now, please take it.
O- okay...
Is it because of her calm way of speaking...? Without thinking, I let my guard down and meekly extended my hand.
It feels different from being in ecstasy or being charmed... It's like she's literally seducing me...
Example get away from it!!
Oh my... that's too bad. Did I miss?
I would've gotten you if it hadn't been for your friend on the radio...
Be careful Example!! That tentacle came out from that thing's legs...!!
......... So you *are* a demon...!!!
Yes, that's right. But I'm not just any demon.
I'm M.O.W. Weapon Number E-001... The "Iron Maiden".
Example !! It's from the inside of that capsule like I was saying before!!! This thing's a biological weapon sent to dispose of you...!
This thing probably has a method to smother you! Don't let it get close!!
Transfer complete. There is no problem with both arrival coordinates and conditions. Returning to HQ.
!!!? What the hell!!
Transfer complete. There is no problem with both arrival coordinates and conditions. Returning to HQ.
Damn...!!
Form groups if you don't have enough to go around. Instruct at least one person to carry a firearm.
Hang on a sec. Transfer power from this other section, aaaand that should...
......Great! It should be fine now.
However, some of the shutters and lights aren't coming back on... Have the batteries on each individual floor been removed?
What does that mean?
It's like that demon just now said. People barricaded themselves in this section.
They were likely afraid that the demons would operate the machines and break through. So they probably removed the batteries and fuses from each location.
you'll have to go into each room, restore the power, and raise its shutter.
There will likely be a considerable number of those Lampas demons on this floor.
 why don't I try exploring the room I can now get to.
.........? There shouldn't be any power going to this room but it's strangely bright in here...
The power in the residential area was completely offline when I activated the power in the medical section.
Even the emergency lights should be off... This is strange.
On these plant things......... Looks like that bit of it's shining.
Careful, the roots are moving.
ugh............!!
I saw the head of a mummified human being in a gap between the wriggling ivy.
The light in the plant flickers dimly as it pulses to a steady rhythm...
I- it's getting nourishment from people...! So that means, all the lights here are...!?
All of them...!? I'm so stupid...!
Yuuma! What do you mean?! Wasn't the evacuation of this facility completed??
A- after we took down the mantis threat and secured the facility, I left it in the hands of another unit.
Those guys were supposed to have evacuated the remaining workers here with transport planes so they could lock down the facility.
??? "There was a female with that mantis monster wasn't there? "
!? Who's there!?
That female whose mate had been killed flew into a rage and slaughtered all of the soldiers...
Those nooormal humans with no weapons and no place to run had no choice but to run here and barricade themselves in.
Hecate-sama woke all of us who'd been hidden here, and aaaall the humans got gobbled up. ♡
You bastards!!
It's pretty isn't it? The light that shines from the assimilation of human and Lampas...
We Lampas fuse with the souls of humans, which makes the lights in our tail shine forever.
That is the greatest desire of the Lampas species... Humans are the meaning of life itself for us.
Soooo... how about it? Wanna become one with me? ♡ ♡
It'll feel sooooo good... I'll slurp up your syrupy soul and all your semen. ♡
Cooome on... ♡ ♡ Breathe in my scent and become putty in my hands...♡
This is bad!! Example!!, quickly! Get out of there!
I'm trying!!! But there's ivy all around it, it won't open!!!
Ahahah, you can't escape that way♪ Slowly... surely... I'll make you my slave. ♡
Dammit!!! Is there no other way...?!!!!
Haaaaaaaaaaaaah......... Haaaaaaaaaaaaah
Example!!! Are you okay?!
I- I managed to get through it somehow...
You breathed in a lot of that weird pollen... Hold still for a moment! Slowly steady your breathing!
......Have you calmed down, Example?
Yeah, pretty much......... That concentration of pollen in this closed room really is rough.
... I'm really sorry. I've abandoned you in such a dangerous place.
Haha, what are you saying, Yuuma. That's not like you.
I'm absolutely gonna keep on living until I've met you and Reina again.
There's lots of things I want to ask you about. So I want you to help guide me without any whining, okay?
... I'm no match for you, huh...
OK, then first let's get to grips with the situation. Get closer to the monitor in this power room so I can see it.
Wooooh...
Woof ♡ Woof ♡
......... It looks like it'd be okay to take that bandage off you now.
Huh? What's wrong, Barghest...?
She doesn't want you to take it off. Because that was your "kindness" to her.
B- but, she doesn't look like she's hurt anymore, and it'd just making it difficult for her to move...
"Anymore"? She wasn't hurt in the first place. She was just surprised by the sudden attack, and forgot to magically rebuild that part of her leg.
Demons take very little physical damage. We cover ourselves in magical power when we When we materialize our bodies.
She didn't think a mere human would be using magic, didn't expect she'd be flung against a wall.
S- sorry... It just sort of happened.
However, supposing she was hurt. What was with that weird way of putting on the bandage?
Instead of treating her injury, you just made it hard for her to move.
W- well sorry...! I don't normally spend a lot of time bandaging dog legs!
Arf ♡
Well, whatever. It looks like your devotion has really made an impression on her.
B- Barghest...! You know better than that...! No... rubbing my crotch!
You're translating what the barghest is saying for me, but does she understand what I'm saying?
Yup, she understands you.
If I remember correctly, barghests have the intelligence level of an early elementary school student. So you wouldn't expect her to understand difficult words or theories...
Woof
She's worried about whether it'd be okay for you to mate with her even though you already have someone you like.
Er, um, that is...!!
... "If you've been dumped, I want to give it to you real rough to help you forget all about it", is kinda what she's getting at.
I'm okay! That's not it!
I mean, are you really getting all that from that short bark!?
Yeah, not her bark, it's more like we're talking through telepathy.
Like how you can pick up someone's feelings when they're crying, for demons who don't speak a human language it's pretty much the same.
Is that so... Is it possible for me to be able to hear that telepathy?
Like I said, it's "like" telepathy. I wouldn't be able to interpret if we were actually using telepathy.
It's difficult to explain, but even if you were able to pick it up, I think it would all sound like gibberish to you.
Even so, you've come as far as using demonic technology for your bullets. Translators might appear in the human world before long.
... The resistance in another world for instance, might be using radios and putting them to good use!!!
............? Why was that so specific...?
I hear barghests have strong mating instincts, but how much control do you have over them?
Like at the shelter, you were able to properly listen to my story.
Most barghests listen to people, more or less. So if they're told to wait, they'll stop for a moment.
But beyond that, it seems orders from Hecate to "play" with humans has been made a priority.
Just as Meira anticipated, you're pretty well cut out for this sort of thing aren't ya?
It'd be great if the demons I met before took the time to listen to me...
Wooff!
That "strange feeling" is very vague, it really appeals to instinct...
I'm saying that for those demons who attack for reasons other than mating, it won't be so effective.
T- thank you so very much for your calm analysis!
Well to sum it up. When your opponent approaches with the intent to milk you, you have the ability to dissaude them for a moment. Maybe. Possibly.
If you use it properly, you might get an opportunity to persuade them, like you did with this barghest.
Seems like she wants some rice.
Er......... If I remember correctly there should be a fridge in this room......
Hey you know......... We demons won't die if we don't eat. By "Rice" she probably means......
S- she might not mean that...! Look, she's even facing the refrigerator!
That's just her facing the same way as you.
......... WOOF!
"Whatever you're gonna eat, I wanna try eating it together with you", is what she said.
(Hooh.........)
D- do you have a favorite food, Barghest? I used to live by myself, so I think I'd be able to make something simple...
Woof! ♡
... She says she loves human food so she'll eat whatever.
Let me see... So, is there any food you don't like...?
Ah... She says she doesn't like food made for dogs, particularly pet food.
Is... Is that so...?
Wow............ That's awful.
What...? What's wrong?
She says even though barghests have a human sense of taste, Hecate fed them nothing but dog food every day.
Not only that, but she says she had to pretend to enjoy it, the ones who didn't look like they were enjoying it were disappeared.
All right! Understood, Barghest! It'll depend on what's in the fridge, but I'll let you eat some delicious stuff!
Waoof!♪
Hey hey, don't get so depressed. It had a surprisingly solid and tasty flavour.
"Don't worry about how it looks, that messy, burnt, fried rice." Hohn hohn hohn.
W- what else could I do?! Almost all the ingredients were out of a can, and I'd never dealt with frozen rice before......!
Ahn! ♡
Look, even the barghest's saying she wants to eat it again. "That sloppy rice" she called it... Hohn hohn hohn!
I- I'll do better next time! Damn it!
... She says, "Since there's a bath and all here, I want you to wash my body."
I mean, it's been bothering me for a while, but barghests are dogs, right? Why is there a complete set of household items here?
The bed I can kinda understand... but the toilet? You're the only one who can use it here, no? Beings with spiritual bodies don't take shits.
That's gross.
Well, seems like you'll be "putting her to bed" after this, so I'll get outta here.
Alright then, enjooy♪
H- hey...!
......... Woof ♡
I- I know, Barghest! Don't shove my butt!
I'm only washing her back... Why am I getting so aroused...?
Just touching her fur is probably what's making me horny. A demon's body is scary...
I wonder what this... weird feeling is. On Barghest's back...
It's almost as if...
!!! Whoa!!
When I went to wash the side of her back, the moment I moved my hand she twisted her body like she was after something!
Example's hands are caught between her breasts, and the barghest starts wriggling her body...
Haaaah!! Haaaah ♡ ♡
......!! No, Barghest!! I'm in the middle of washing you!! No mating!!
O- okay, okay! When we go to bed! Let's flirt when we go to bed, okay? Be patient until then!
Though those words came out of my mouth... I've made quite the promise...
(Huh...? I thought she was going to jump on me like normal... But she's gone and laid down quietly...?)
... Now that I think about it, this is the first time I've really looked at her face...
Probably because normally when I look at their eyes I get aroused by their magic... It has no effect now because she's asleep I suppose.
I get it now... That strange feeling from before...
Why they have the same sense of taste as humans, why there's a toilet in here.
That's right... it makes sense if I think about it a bit, I'm sorry I haven't been thinking about it until now...
You're simply a dog-like thing created by Hecate, at your core you're still a "girl" demon.
Just like we are now, you want to sleep next to someone, don't you?
The moment I reached out to stroke her, she turned over and buried my hand between the bed and her breasts!!
Ah...! Ah... ♡ It's gonna be bad if I stay like this...!
I desperately try to pull my hand out... But it's bound by her entire body weight, I can't pull out!
Barghest...!! You were awake weren't you!?
Wooof ♡
... Are you okay, Example? Your hips are shaking.
I'm, I'm OK... I'm just a bit relieved...
... Why are you so relieved?
Well, either way Barghest seems to be pretty satisfied. I don't really know what happened though.
"Let's do it again anytime!", she said pretty enthusiastically.
After you calm down, okay?
A "bond" with Barghest was born!! Your friendship level is now "100"!!
Uh, whah! B- Barghest!?
It jumped at me the moment I opened the door. The barghest I saw many times in the shelter.
But on the back of its legs was a familiar bandage wrapped on it.
Ah......... You're......... Are you maybe that barghest I helped that time......?
She said, "I heard that if I came here I could meet you anytime I want, so I ignored my master Hecate's orders and came here. ♡".
Whah! Stop appearing all of a sudden all the time!
What's your problem? You can't understand what the barghest's saying, right? So I'll do ya a solid and interpret.
Oh, but I'll get outta here when you two are mating. So you can bone her without worrying about that!
Bone...!?
Yuuma「Soon after the day of the accident, the world also changed massively. ......... The war with demons began.」
Yuuma「It was supposed to be set up for long-term cryogenic stasis. The machine you were in must have automatically thawed you out because it detected that you happened to regain conciousness.」
Yuuma「That's the long and short of it... But the barghest invaded a little while ago. We'll need to guide you to a safe place.」
Oh, yeah!! I can hear you, Yuuma!
Pretty much. And I'm sorry but to ensure this place remains secure, I can't come rescue you.
First things first, find a way out of there. If I remember correctly, there should be an elevator that goes above ground in that hospital section. Try looking for that.
It seems the demons sensed the location of this underground shelter. I'd like to completely isolate and conceal this hospital section but... I guess it's probably just a matter of time.
It's the thing next to the save terminal. Basically, it has the same effect as using the bed.
Cat「Welcome to "My Room"」
My Room is your exclusive demonic residence where demons who've come to visit you gather.
If you treat them kindly and help them out, they will come here when the chapter finishes.
if you don't help them or you kill too many of them, they won't end up making their way to one of these rooms.
if you simply missed a certain event and your friendship level is not at zero, you can redo the chapter and try again.
There are three things you can do with demons in "My Room". "Chat", "Milking", "Give a present".
"Chat" is just that. You might be able to hear a surprisingly different story from when you were attacked.
However, you're going to need a certain "Friendship Level" in order to talk about some things.
"Give a present" is giving something from your inventory to a demon, this will raise your friendship level.
Each kind of demon has their own likes and dislikes. And depending on what you try to give them, they might not accept it.
It's rumored that there's items specifically made to be gifts. You don't have to give them items that are useful to you.
And finally, "milking". Although it's the sort of thing you see when you're defeated, it'll raise your friendship level.
It's not like you'll be being raped or anything, so there'll be foreplay, and you'll be able to control the speed and timing to an extent.
You'll be able to cum up to five times, and each time your friendship level will go up significantly.
Now then, are you wondering about whether doing that kind of thing will mean giving your soul to a demon?
your soul is under the jurisdiction of the lord of this place, Lord Cushion.
So demons won't be able to take your soul as it's already owned by another. You will also not gain any demonic corruption like you normally do when you lose.
The demons will be coming here knowing that as well. So I think they will obediently release you when asked.
"Bronze box" is an item you can get from a demon's treasure box when your friendship level is 25 or higher.
When you go to bed in a rest area with this item equipped, you will fight against that demon.
You'll have the experience of a proper encounter fight without leaving the rest area.
 will be different from the ones you meet here. They'll attack you like a demon normally would, and try to milk you.
Strictly speaking, it's not an item you use to meet your ideal demon. It's something you use to call forth a memory of an enemy demon from the depths of your mind, and fight it.
you'll be fighting it in the same circumstances you fought that boss in the real world.
 chat.
Through a special milking session, the trust between you and that demon will be solidified. And you'll both be strongly bonded together.
When you do this, your friendship level will increase to 100. In other words, you'll be able to empty the last treasure box.
Can only "Let her go"
When fighting a demon who has come to "My Room", did you notice that the two choices you get at the end of a battle have disappeared?
You aren't able to finish off any demons who have come to "My Room".
if friendship level gets higher, you'll be able to use "Persuade" more effectively. Give it a try if you get your friendship levels higher.
What is this place?
These are the residences of demons who wish to seek you out. They can be thought of as places for your own exclusive use, called "My Rooms".
You've encountered and been attacked by numerous demons up to this point. You've probably also been raped and made into food.
they aren't attacking you with murderous intent.
If you treat them with affection, they will probably respond in kind.
This place is where those girls who, for one reason or another strongly wish to meet you again, make their way to.
even if I lose my physical form in the human world, I will create my form in this place.
have the sign over the door changed from "???" to the name of the demon in question.
Other than that, please inquire with the white cat over there if there's anything you're not sure about.
I've been expecting you, Example-sama.
What is this place...!?
This is a memory library. Where people's lives are recorded and kept as books...
Those in charge of sorting souls, such as Our Lord, come here to ascertain the actions taken in a person's lifetime, and use that to decide their fate.
You could call it a "Gradebook" of sorts. As a secretary, I am assigned to manage this place.
And the thing I want you to do, is here... I would like you to utilize this "Complete Book of Demons".
"Complete Book of Demons"? Do you mean that red book?
This book was originally recorded as a book of your life. But as explained earlier, you are a a soul beyond reason. It can no longer be judged by this Hell's Gate.
 your encounters with demons will be recorded.
And it's more than just meeting them, only by seeing all their various forms will you complete the entire book.
"Proof"... What on earth?
That's a conversation for another day. But if you do not choose to "Walk with demons", it will surely all be for nothing...
Please return to the real world using the hole in the room before...
the "blue door" in the rest area...
I'm always keeping an eye on it. I hope this short trip was fruitful for you in some way...
.............. "Complete Book of Demons"...?
Example, you came... ♡
Okay. What would you like to talk about?
Yeah, Hecate-sama's flames are pretty effective. It would be fine if it'd been an ordinary fire.
If you'd put out the fire a little later, that water might have been nullified by the demonic magic, and my body's annihilation might have happened even faster.
That girl... She's got no mercy for those she's bored with. She'll even erase her subordinates just like that.
She was suuuch a self-centred, shitty boss...
I- is that okay? Leaving such a scary boss...
You get erased on a whim after obediently serving her no matter what you do. I'm not gonna work under that kind of absurd leader.
Besides, she won't mind having one less disobedient subordinate out of all of her other "toys".
... Surprising because I'm as childish as I look. She might have simply never realised. ♪
Ah, ah, ah. I don't know, you might have said too much...
I mean, you seem to have the personality of a boss who'd harrass her workers...?
Yeah seems that way. I was surprised when I heard her for the first time back in that place.
Like that, we were Hecate-sama's subordinates. That's why I didn't talk to anyone other than my own species. ♪
Is that so...? Certainly it seems like barghests can't speak...
For Hecate-sama, creating her subordinates' lives feels like building an animal out of blocks and clay.
Her subordinates having high intelligence or being able to speak would cause huge problems, so in her mind it's not necessary.
I'm so glad "that place" doesn't suit that boss... Just thinking about it is bad enough to make me cry...
But...... sometimes I long for it. Having an empty head like a barghest, violently reverse-raping over and over like a beast... ♡
Hey... Since there's a cute girl like me here and all, why don't we try that kind of play next time. ♪
Y-, yeah... I'll think about it...
(I really don't have the courage to get involved in that after hearing that remark...)
That... how do you say it... that ivy's pretty dexterous...
That's right, it's handy for stopping struggling humans like you from moving. ♪
You can put in your prey's mouth and make them breathe in all kinds of different pollens...
And its tongue technique is sublime, right? It felt sooo good when it played with your nipples, didn't it?
Oh, ahaha... Yeah... It did.
... Also if we're gonna talk about technique, I'd never lose with this either.
Lampas spreads her legs wide apart and shows off the middle of her petal-like skirt...
H-...... Hey...!
... What's with you? You praise my ivy, but you avert your eyes from the most important part of my body...
N-, no, that's not it...!! Your flower bit is a place men normally shouldn't look at...!
... Well then, let's say that even though I, as a simple plant, bloomed spectacularly so I could pollinate, and then without even looking at the flower someone only said "That's some great ivy". Looking at it from the plant's perspective, do you think you'd be happy about that?
Uhh...... That's... Certainly...
You get it now right...? Take a closer look...... ♡ ♡
U- uh......
My eyes are glued to her vagina dripping with nectar.
There's no pollen sprinkled around me. So I'm not under the effects of Charm or anything, it's probably just my male instincts.
Ahahah. ♪ Your breathing's gotten rough. Did you just lose yourself a bit there and stare a little too long?
You're so cute... ♡ I like that part of you.
Hmmm...... Have sex with humans, get fertilized, and make our tail lights shine forever... that about covers it.
But then, I'd managed to get out from under Hecate-sama's control, so I wasn't really desperate enough to go that far.
... What does that mean? You were saying before about how that itself is the cherished desire for you all...
Because, Hecate-sama created us for that purpose. To light the darkness of the demon world... Lampas who can't achieve that purpose are killed by Hecate-sama sooner or later.
But now there's no need for me to rush to turn my light on. And not only that...
Not only that...?
I don't know whether it's an accurate way to put this but... Lampas that have been turned into lights "die".
They can't talk or feel anything... They can't sense the passing of time...
If there are no individual differences between Lampases, I don't think any of them are afraid...
For all that, what makes everyone so happy to try and light their lamps, is the fact that they'll become one forever with the soul of the human they've had sex with... Because they won't be alone...
It's so frustrating but... we've been well built. That damn master of ours...
... Sorry for making you talk about something kinda weird...
Ahahah, I don't mind. I'm just speculating from the final shared sensations of my comrades.
Besides, I have another source of fun now... I'm really grateful that Hecate-sama made me a body that specializes in pleasing men.
Speaking of which... ♡ Now then my obedient nutrient-kun, how would you like to be milked today?
Oh, ahaha......
Hey, do you wanna go for a walk? Only if you have the time...
W- walk? Like a walk outside this room?
Ahahah, ♪ no no. This room, ya see, it's bigger than it looks.
There's a place that looks like a park if you go further in. Shall we go there and talk?
O-, okay. Let's go...
Hey, do you wanna go for a walk? The proper thing this time, not a date.
......... I've got... something I want to talk to you about.
O- okay. I don't mind.
... I'm so glad. ♪ Okay let's go further in. ♡
"Watch yourself, keep your eyes open. Your demonic enemies pace about roaring like lions, looking for something to consume."
Nice to meet you, or rather, long time no see? Either way, I should introduce myself.
My name is Meira. I'm the secretary of the main "Hell's Gate".
By the Lord's decree, I've obtained your help. I wonder why there's been direct communication from the Lord at such an opportune time.
So, first of all, would you please tell me your name?
Great. Being able to clearly give me your name in this slumber is surely your strength of determination against fate.
Next, we'll do a basic tutorial. It's exactly the same as the trial version, so you can skip it if you've already done it.
I hear a voice calling your name....... Go on, you mustn't ignore it.......
Example managed to regain his sanity!
*Giggle* ..... Don't run away! ♡ Waaaait ♡ *Giggle* .........
the Lampas' behind you have started to move...
The residential section's no good anymore. Those plant demons are everywhere you look. It'd be nice to break in the power room door in the residential area and escape, but they'll quickly find me even if I conceal myself.
They say they have a higher intelligence compared to other demons. We've gone ahead and removed the battery that powers the shutters so they can't operate the panel and open or close the shutters.
If you're a survivor reading this note who's come to pick up this spare battery, and you're trying to reach the surface, I pray for your good fortune.
There's a more terrible monster ahead. My brother's sacrificing himself holding the thing at bay on the other side of the shutter.
I'm sorry, my brother... I couldn't protect everyone.
Swee        t sm el         l
No... It's different. Unlike before, the air's too clean. It's as if it's saying "it's safe here"...
That human? He was chopped into pieces.
He kept refusing to be milked by us or the other demons...... In the end, he was chopped up into pieces and eaten by the mantis...
At first, we were really worried, you know? I mean, it was a really bad injury, it wasn't really the time or place to milk him...
............ Hey, can I ask you something? Why do you want to go above ground so bad?
Why are you going so far to refuse us? Going so far to be in so much pain, to suffer......
You can still be with us... If you try to leave to go above ground, like this person, other even more vicious demons might savagely kill you.
Hey......... Give it up... ♡ You can pass away feeling good... I guarantee it. ♡
Hold still until I get there... Don't fight it...♡ ♡
This time... I've caught you... ♡ I won't let you go anymore... ♡ ♡
I'll make you feel really good... ♡ ♡ So let's be together and be happy... ♡
Fufufu... Cute face...♡ Hey, show me more of that look on your face... ♡
The other guys escaped to the back and closed the isolation shutter. My brothers will manage somehow in the medical section.
To think there was another mantis monster... Dammit, that brat, she's definitely after me!
I quickly hid in here, but it's just a matter of time before I'm found. I'm so tired... I want to have a quiet rest here.
Blood is flowing. My blood. I'm alive. I'm human.
I won't be food...
Why!!! Why!? Why won't you understand...!!!
No, I understand... Certainly, as you say, if I try to leave here, it may be painful, at worst I might die.
But, I've been sleeping like this for five years... The world's gone to hell... But I have a "power" that's different from other people...
I want to know. I want to know so I want to escape here and go above ground and survive.
That's why... I can't be together with you.
... I don't understand at all!!! Look at all the blood around here!! Do you want to end up like that!?
If that stupid brat finds you...!! You're definitely-
"Stupid brat"? Do you mean me, Lampas-chan?
!!!!!!! Hecate-sama......!
An entire copy of a personality really is no good after all. That bad mouth doesn't suit you...
Do I have to make you an obedient personality from scratch like I did for the barghests?
...Ah......Ah......!!
(To make Lampas' face go that stiff...)
(Is this one the boss of the Lampas' and Barghests...???)
I've been observing some interesting developments between you and the humans you should be grinding up as nothing more than nutrients...
But I've had enough now. ♪
Ahahahahahahaha♪. You plants really do burn pretty well. ♡
I quickly shot out the sprinklers. Water came pelting down like heavy rain!!
Just as the flames on Lampas' body went out, the force of the water subsided.
Wow, aren't you kind. ♪ Helping this useless dead weight.
... I'll be waiting further in, Example-kun.
... She'll be fine. It'll just take a little time for her body to regenerate.
!!!!You...!!!
Please do not be alarmed. Even I'm not greedy enough to attack you in this kind of situation.
Leave her to me... You need to keep moving do you not?
Why...!? Aren't you a weapon sent to dispose of me...?
... That's true. However, I also have my own will as a demon.
I myself have simply judged that this is not the time. I am not worried, I will fulfill my role.
Now go, do not hesitate. Or would you like me to attack you here?
He's more than I expected... I know he'll try to protect this one.
Very......... Kind......... Tender-hearted gentleman...
It makes me want him more and more... ♡
Ugh........ There's an enormous concentration of pollen...
Example, get out of there at once! I can see it even on my screen, that concentration of pollen is dangerous!
Man... I can't get through there if I don't hold my breath...
 to work with in there.

 Worst case, it's fine to ignore it...
Huh...? Yuuma?
Sorry, there's something pointless I needed to tell you so I had the line cut.
you will not be able to use your Hell's Indulgence.
What!! So, if I'm taken out by something in there...!
Yeah, you'll end up as one of their lamps. The strange atmosphere in that space is too thick.
you can already move on, so there's no need to force yourself to go in there.
Example!? Are you okay?! Respond!!
Whah! You surprised me!!
I'm the one who's surprised here!! The line suddenly cut out! What happened!!?
N- nothing in particular... Well, I get it, that's a high-risk, dangerous place.
......... Gh!!!
Bwaaaaah!! Haaaaah! Haaaah!
Haaaah... ♡ Haaaah... ♡
My head's spinning...... Possibly because I took such a deep whiff of pollen because I'd been holding my breath up till now, and I collapse on the spot...
Heeey, ♡ are you OK? It looks like you had a pretty bad fall... ♡
Uugh... ♡
The voice of a Lampas in the darkness...... The lantern's gone out and I can't really see, but it seems my head's resting in the lap of the main Lampas talking to me...
Suddenly her hands are on my head...
Ufufu... ♡ It was because you were rushing around in such a hurry wasn't it... Shhh, there, there... ♡
Ah... Aaaaah...... ♡ ♡
She's gently stroking my head... Mixed in with the scent of the pollen is her own unique fragrance...
I can't escape anymore... If I'd tried just a little harder I wouldn't have had to try and escape...
Nooobody's gonna come save you here... ♡ Become one with me... ♡ Together foreeever... ♡
Here... ♡ Breathe in lots of my scent... ♡
Ah...♡ Aaah...♡ That feels good... ♡
Ahahah... ♡ Looks like you're still full of beans. ♡ Shall we have lots of fun? We've got plenty of time... ♡
I continued mindlessly inhaling the pollen from her ivy. Far from thinking normally, I'd abandoned my sense of self.
I will be her "fertilizer" from now on... I'm not afraid, because this feels so good...
Fufufu... ♡ Let's squirt out a lot, okay? ♡ There's a good boy, there's a good boy... ♡ ♡
Uuuh...
You're right... I didn't think this room'd be this big...
My room's probably not that special. If they're not constructed to be like a "Room", they can be as big as this one.
These rooms can be changed at any time by the demons inside them, according to their wishes.
Wow...............
(I wonder why....... Lampas started clinging to my arm like mad a little while ago......)
(I mean............ I should probably say something soon... If I don't it's almost like...)
Hey, nutrient-kun......... Do you mind if I call you Example...?
I- it's okay if you don't want me to. Even if it's just while we're here now, I can handle that...
W- what is it?
............ Did you read a dating book?
Sorry, I could pick up your enthusiasm even with that singsong voice, and I just kinda blurted that out.
Umm...... The way you're sticking to my arm is, well I wouldn't say business-like, but it's far too forced...
Argh, stop it already! Like making your voice all squeaky! I really don't get that stuff at all!!
.........? "You don't get it"...... Don't tell me......
Yeah! That "Feelings of Human Females" thing!
That Meira manager lady said she'd read everything there is about human 'dating'...
I thought that if you had even an ounce of lust, I'd push myself to try learning by watching other, but it got reeeally awkward...
"Setting the mood" is such a roundabout way to do it... I mean with just one hit of my pollen...
(Yeah I guess it is...)
*sigh*... I wanted to be born a human girl.
....... Huh?
...... Ah, but if you think about it properly, normal human women can't use ivy or let out pollen...
...... Forget all that! Forget about everything that's happened today, including what I said just now. ♪
So? Why am I being cornered up against some trees...?
You know, I've always "studied" that... That "A Girl's Feelings" human thing...
But I didn't get it at all... The fundamental thinking behind it really is a bit off......
So I realized. I don't really need to mimic a human being in order to understand you.
In other words... This is my "date"...♡
Guaaagh!! Not those gut punches again!!
*Giggle* ♪ You're finally up.
H- huh......!? Wasn't I... with you...!?
It didn't work after all. Looks like that kind of thing's impossible in this place.
"After all"...!? So, you knew...!?
Mmm, it'd be nice if it were possible. ♪ I meant every word I said while I was milking you.
It'd be nice to light a special lamp with you. Even when it's impossible...
But as long as we've got a lot more talking and flirting ahead of us, that's okay by me!
And, if you think about it, if your journey had ended here, I would've been all burnt up.
Oh yeah! I forgot to tell you!
I'm gonna give up calling you Example... You're my nutrient-kun after all. ♪ 
H- huuuh!? What on earth...?
It feels kinda strange... calling you by your name. It gives me chills deep inside!
I don't want any problems when I'm milking you! At the very least, not in the middle of a milking!
Voice on Radio「Negative, remain on standby at that branch as before. Do not forget to load "E-003".」
Voice on Radio「Negative, remain on standby at that branch as before. Do not forget to load "E-003".」
Woof!♪
WOOF!! WOOF!!
The Barghest is trying to escape...
I got back a bit of courageous spirit...
*pant*... *pant*... *pant*...♡ ♡
This is a demon called a Barghest. It's breathing heavily and staring intently at me.
???「Hey now! What's the matter?! You don't wanna shoot it because it looks kinda like a dog?」
What?!? What are you!? Where'd you come from?
What a rude guy you are. I'm a demon too. Where'd I come from? Where ever I feel like coming from.
But don't worry. I'm on your side.
A certain magician blew me over here to help you since you just woke up and all.
...... So, are you just gonna flap around, or are you gonna shoot that gun?
I've never fired a re- real gun before but... Maybe if it's just a model gun like this...
OK, do you know where the safety is? If so, you're pretty much there.
 That's it.
But... That kind of thing is...
Do you mean to say that you can't aim a gun at something that doesn't want to fight?
She only wants to mate with you.
Even if it feels good when you cum, it won't be a nice way to go out.
Just shoot it!! It's okay, as if you'd really hurt a demon with a gun!!

USELESS!!! Where the hell were you shooting you fool!!
I- I can't help it!! I can barely make it out in this darkness!!
Ah rats... it's been spooked away.
This... is bad. I've completely lost sight of it.
Right, there's nothing for it.
take off your clothes.
WHAT!?
wants to copulate with you.
what happens if you get naked? It'll definitely think you're in the mood.
taking off your clothes and letting down your guard is a useful strategy.
Now get naked!!! Hurry up and do it!!! Don't dawdle!! Get naked with all your heart!!
What're you saying!!?
Woof ♡ ♡
Hey!!! What's wrong?! That's a good target! Quickly! Shoot!!
Y- yeah but...
, is that it?
I-, idiot!! Stop saying weird stuff!! I really can't shoot something that isn't fighting back!
I mean stop saying such weird stuff...! Like I'd be interested in that thing...!!
.
you can jump her bones with the "submit" command.
What it means to submit to your opponent?
Since I'm here with you this time, let's not have any submitting. I'll have you attack her.
I've averted the danger of my sanity being eroded for now. But it's not like this situation is much of an improvement.
I can't afford to use all my strength in this situation! But... I don't know what to do...
Both me and the Barghest recoiling in front of me were surprised by this strange situation.
What...What is this...! Ugh...... Urgh...... Ggh...!!
An uncontrollable force filled the palm of my hand, I surrendered to the impulse, holding my hands up in front of me.
Dammit...! This thing...!!
And though I was flustered, I foolishly met her gaze.
Before I could think it through. My hands were peeling off my clothes.
It's scary to think about now... I didn't have the slightest concern about my strange behaviour.
*pant* ♡ *pant* ♡
Whaa...♡ Ohh... Ohhhh...
Looking down at me in triumph, she eagerly awaits the moment I give in to the pleasure.
... Whoops, were you in the middle of something?
Oh...ahhhh...♡ H-...help...
Sorry but I don't have a physical form. There's no way for me to rescue you.
.
………Hmm? But hang on, didn't someone already explain the struggle skill to you...?
Well, never mind, your limbs aren't bound. So the best struggle skill to use would be...
Hey!! Are you listening to me!?
In this situation!!
... Oh, fair enough.
Well I'm gonna head back. Survive this using that "struggle" command you learned about before.
have to kick her off on the next turn, or you're gonna get raped.
Just like when I was pushed down a little while ago. I tried to push her off my body
But this time she was one move ahead of me...
......!!??
ungh ...! Mnmph...!
The Barghest's long tongue, not suited to her large mouth, delicately licks all over the inside of my mouth.
Intense pleasure is transmitted to my brain all at once from both my upper and lower half.
Mnnmmph!! Argnmmphh...!
As if to kick me when I'm down. Other Barghests from the left and right tenaciously lick my ears and arms.
W- wait a sec...! This is way too forceful no matter how you look at it!!
He... Heh heh heh....... This takes me back, it's just like that time.
You really are a pushy one, Barghest...
Yeah... This time it's okay. Let's mate... Barghest ♡
Ugh...I know, Barghest. Be gentle with me, okay?
Uu... uuughh ♡ All right, Barghest. ♡
I promised... after all. ♡
My attack hit the black dress, but there didn't seem to be any effect.
It seems Iron Maiden herself didn't really take any damage.
Fufufu...... that's no good. Being gazed at so passionately....... ♡
The more I look at you... not just your looks, but your actions and behavior, they all make you quite the cute gentleman...
It's made me want you more and more......
I have to get her guard down...
AAAaaaa...!! ♡ ♡ Ahhiiiii.........!!! ♡♡♡
Now then, I'll start the tutorial.
 are displayed.
 is the energy required to carry out actions.
Though worst case, you will not die even if they're reduced to zero.
You will ejaculate.
.
you will not be able to move for a while.
.
, which you need in order to take actions.
 has also decreased?

 For example, when being pushed down by an opponent.
Well, next I will explain the "Struggle" skill. This will be hard to understand if there's no opponent to fight ....
Hey hey! I'll do it for you.
That's a good offer... Just make sure you follow my instructions, this is a tutorial after all.
 all sorts of reasons.
Your opponents are entities with inhuman powers... You cannot survive unless you choose the right "struggle".
There are 4 "struggle" skills in all. They can be broadly classified into two different types.
doesn't depend on what body part has been bound by your opponent.
you cannot use them if your hands and feet are both bound.
What's the big deal? You were going to explain what happens after I do this anyway weren't you?
Your feet are now bound.
Try using the appropriate "struggle" skill.
 without issue.
.
 So if you have 50 left, it will recover 50.
 It's there as an option if you can't use items or Deep Breathing.
 in the Actions menu.
Aw, he got away...♡
Well then, how about THIS?
......... Lampas, you're going a bit far.
But that lot outside are sooo gonna attack him like this, right?
Even if it's just so no one but me gets to eat him, I think he needs this kind of practice. ♡
......There's nothing for it I suppose. Then please try to find your way out of this situation using the "struggle" skill.
Lampas' ivy sucking is decreasing your Willpower in real time.
Oooh, lucky for you I wasn't able to kiss you too much.
Ahaha, that was a real treat, I got lots of kisses.
Well then, I'm gonna head home.... I'll play with you more next time we meet. ♡
Good grief...... Anyway, you seem to have been able to master the "struggle" skills successfully.
This concludes the tutorial.... No wait, I forgot to tell you another important thing.
100 (random string) Ecstasy" bad status. It's probably because you inhaled that Lampas pollen from just before.
100 (random string) Ecstasy levels can stack up. Its effects get worse as it stacks, it's a very dangerous bad status.
You need to treat it with an item or by using an "Action" before its too late.
100 (random string)Face Punch", please deal with your Ecstasy status.
Good work. I didn't expect that to happen in this tutorial, but with that you've learnt from your opponent how to deal with bad status effects.
will each use their own bind and bad status attacks in a variety of ways.
Sometimes, as if to ridicule your struggle they will relentlessly stack bad status effects and try to corner you.
Their objective is for you to give up your resistance to them. 
So between attacks, there are precious few moments for struggling and recovery.
but above all make sure you don't throw away your "Determination to fight"......
Crap...!! I've gotta get outta here...!!
Example was caught in the Lampas' embrace!!
Ahaah... ♡ ♡ I caught you. ♡ You look so tasty nutrients-kun... ♡
Just stay like that... I'll give you lots of kisses. ♡
Ah...... AAaah...♡ ♡ It feels good... ♡
Huhuhu♪ Shall we hold each other suuuper tight like this...? I'll make you feel even better with my nectar. ♡
Hmmm...? You want a footjob from me...? ♡ Okay, I'll happily do it for you.
But, be...fore...that... ♡ Shall I get you to show me some sincerity?
Si- sincerity...?
Liiiick it... ♡ And do it with love, be rough... ♡
What? You don't want to? Servicing this foot of mine is only natural as appreciation for what's going to happen next, right?
L- like this...?
Gghhh.........!!!?
That was so damn boring. I should've done this from the start.
Nmmmhh...♡ Haaaah... Haaaah... ♡
Ahahahahahahahahah!! ♡ That's it, good boy, good boy... ♡
Your saliva and sweat, it's aaaall nutrients to me... ♡
Ah...AAh...♡ Lampas-sama...... ♡ ♡
I've toyed with you a little too much...♡ Now then, it's my turn to make your wish come true. ♡
You want to be ridden by me...? ♡ You really are a nutrients-kun, aren't you? ♡
If I were gonna try and capture you, this'd be the best position. ♪
That's right. It's the one that's easiest to root you to the ground with. It's stable no matter how much I shake my waist.
Our roots were originally there to spread widely in the ground to prevent prey from escaping.
Well... They were originally things made to suck up water and nutrients, not to milk humans.
That's why...... Nfufu ♡ You're going to give me healthy nutrients and water, aren't you nutrients-kun?
Uu.... uugh...♡ P- please... be gentle with me... ♡
Okay... ♡ I like that position the best. ♡ ♡
It's nice being able to feel each other's warmth lots... ♡ Well, I'm a plant so my body temperature's not that high. ♪
Buuuut... ♡ Since I'm a plant I can release lots of sweeeet necatr. ♡
AAHh... ♡ ♡ T- that's so unfair... ♡
Aaaahhh...♡ ♡ Welcome, nutrient-kun. ♡
Well then... ♡ Let the body fluid exchange... begin... ♡ ♡
It's not bad, right? Having the real thing... ♡ Unlike a normal vagina, mine can constrict... So if your manhood starts drooping, I can hold it in real tight...♡
H-... Hey...! Aren't you being too pushy...!? You've skipped a few steps...
Aaaahiiii! ♡
I told you didn't I...? ♡ This is how I "date". ♡
It's too early for backtalk, I'll zip up that mouth of yours. ♪
Oh, you're up? ♡ Your sleeping face was so cute... ♡
You were sleeping so defencelessly, so I'll help myself to some of your vitality. ♡
Shall we do something that'll feel even better? ♡ Let's fall together... ♡
Ah...!! ♡ AHHHH...!!! ♡ That feels amazing...♡
N-... No ......... I can't... hold back... anymore...!!
Example jumped into the barghest's chest!
Ah, aaaaah... ♡ It's so soft...
Uuugh... It's sooo...♡ Even though... I shouldn't...
Ayaa... My body... won't... ♡ stop moving...
...... Waoof ♡
Mmmmnnmm!!???
... mmmnn... mnnnmmm...♡
Mnnmph...♡ Fuwaaaah...
Haah...♡ Haaah...♡
In addition to the feeling of her soft chest on my entire body, the fur on her lower body is very soft and bushy.
She greedily clings to me as all the parts of me touching her are swallowed by that pleasure.
The barghest triumphantly continues to move her hips as she watches the madly in love expression on my face.
As if to urge me, "Fall harder for me, it's okay to get addicted to this"...
Aah, aaoohh... don't tease me...!!
Qui-... quickly...p- put it in...♡
Example is being fucked by the barghest!!
Aah, aaaohh...♡ That feels so good...!!
Woof
Ahaaahh...!! What is this...♡ So good...♡
*exicted whine* ♡ ♡
Hyaaah...♡ AAAaaaah...... I'm being eaten up...
I'm really happy to offer my body up to the barghest, she looks down at me with a look of love.
She sinks her hips down on me with all her weight, communicating her strong will to me saying, "I'll never let you go"...
Mnnnmmph!!! Mnnnghh!!!! Mnnngh!!!
Example cummed inside the barghest...
Ah...!!Ah...! No! I can't...!! Hold it in...! Nggh!
Barghest still seems to want to play...
Aah, aaaah...!! Nooo...! I'm, I'm gonna cum!! ♡
*whine*
You... damn thing...!!
The barghest clings tightly and won't let go!!
Uugh... Whaa...! St-... Stop...
Woof! ♡
The barghest enters a combat stance...!
Woooh...
Hehe... a cutie... I want to eat you up...♡
Hehehe... you look soooo tasty mister human...♡ ♡ Hurry up and let me taste you...♡
Example looked into the enemy's magical eyes...
Example glared right back at her!!
Uuugh... What... have I...
*inquisitive whine*...?
Aah... Aaaah...
Woof...
B- by any chance... Are you, concerned about me?
Waafuu 
Ah...Aaah...♡ You feel gooood...
Woof ♡
N- noo... N-... I c-... I can't...♡
Haaah...♡ Haaah...♡ Oh no...♡ I'm gonna... cum again...♡
Aa... Aaahh... ♡ Haaah... Haaaaaaah... ♡
Wooof ♡
Wo-, awooo...♡ Haah... Haah... awoooooo......!
I'm happy with this. Her gentleness with me, being held by her, and being given constant pleasure.
I am a happy person...
The moment I came, I felt both regret and exhaustion. It might be called a demon, but I got raped by a dog, and came in its vagina...
Tears welled up at my overly impulsive, stupid behaviour...
Fear gripped me as the milking began again, but her movements were surprisingly slow, I even felt a tenderness from her.
It's almost as if...
I finally understood. To her, I'm both food and an important male at the same time.
She's happier when she's holding a male who's in ecstasy rather than a male who's crying.
The more she tries to gently milk me in ecstacy, the more the strings of rationality in my head are cut one by one.
I have no power to resist or will of my own anymore. All I can do is stay embraced with her as her "male", just as she wants.
U, whaah...! Ah! Ah!! Sto-!!Stop it!!
Stop! Stop it!! I c-, can't cum anymore!! I can't...!
Ah...! Ooh...! Hyah...!
But that wasn't enough to satisfy her...
As if to say, "More!", she starts to shake her hips even more vigorously in arousal.
But in contrast to me saying "stop", my manhood inside her swells up again, pulsing as if trying to meet her expectations.
My brain's trying its best to come to grips with the pleasure, and the regret and anxiety I felt before fades away.
The barghest looks aroused and rolls on her back, showing her belly and wagging her tail.
The barghest got spooked by my gun and backed off.
*excited whine*
Ah...! Ah...!! AAAH ...!! S- so good...♡
Woof ♡ Woof ♡ Woof ♡ 
Ah... hyah... That feels amazing...
M- more...! Moooore...!
Awooh ♡ Awooh ♡
A- aoown ♡ aaooown ♡ AWOOOOOOH ♡
I can't struggle anymore, let alone think normal thoughts. I've turned into a slave who can do nothing but continually pump cum into her as she continues to stimulate me.
But strangely I have no regrets. Or rather, I have no time to think about it, since I can get endless pleasure from her.
From here on, until I die...
* eep * ...! St- stop...!!! Don't eat me!!!
Come on! Here girl! Let's m- mate...!
Example breathes raggedly like a male dog, he calls out to the barghest while crawling toward it on all fours...
Example imitates the barghest, and entranced, playbites the barghest's ears.
Example can't take his eyes off the multiple swaying breasts of the barghest...
Oh...♡ No... No... I shouldn't do this...
Example is struggling to reconcile his sense of self-respect with his desire to submit...
Woof!! Woof!! Woof!!
H-... Hey!!
*pant* *pant* ♡ *pant* *pant* ♡
Pull away
Hey!!
*whine*
*whine* ♡
The barghest innocently rubs her head in Example's crotch...
The barghest gets aroused from being stroked...!!
Aaah...... Barghest...♡ You're soft...... ♡
Was it because she's had a bath? Or was her coat always like this...?
Aah... Aaah!!♡ No, Barghest...!! Too rough... ♡
*pant* ♡ *pant* ♡ *pant* ♡
Ah...Ahh... ♡ Haah... Haaaaah...... ♡
I just... had an thought. I wanted to change just a little.
Before thinking of her as a "girl", I must not forget the fact that she's a demon seeking semen...
My consciousness... fading... I entrusted my body to this girl vigorously shaking her hips, and stopped thinking.
When it comes to her "mating"... The human body really can't keep up...
The softness of her chest and the fluffy coat of her lower body gently stimulate Example...
Uuuhh... Mmmph...!!
Puwahh......!!Haaah!! Haaah!!!
P- please, let me go... T- there's a good girl...
I'm glad... I can have a...
Ungh...!!!
Nnmmnn!! Mnnngh!
This time another barghest jumps on me, seemingly also wanting my sperm, she started bucking her hips in the same way.
Pwaaah......!! Haah! Haah!
Uuuugh...!! Aaaaaaaaaah!!!
The feeling of emptiness once again attacks me ...... And expectation, fear, and despair all mix together and result in tears coming out.
I... I saw it. When I tried to raise my upper body, I saw something horrible...
Before I knew it, countless other barghests had gathered around me!!
In other words, for me to be released, I'd have to mate at least that many times!!

Mnmmph...... umph.......
As if I could think of struggling. I know what the dozens of others will do the moment this barghest gets off me.
I, was trying to accept the pleasure with my fading consciousness. That's right... I am their food.
It needs to be shared equally with all of them. My............ Life .........
As a result of my ejaculation, she released her lips. My dazed consciousness is coming back again now that I can breathe...
I'm attacked by a sense of emptiness after my ejaculation while she pants with her tongue out, looking down at me with a satisfied look.
Surprisingly, she obediently gets off me. Satisfied, I'm about to walk out to the end of the corridor.
My desperate scream of resistance echoing through the corridor, seems to have been interpreted by them as nothing more than "a male howling in pleasure".
I am food to be eaten to satisfy their desires...
Aaahh...! Ahaaahhh...♡ That feels good...♡ That feels sooo goooood ♡
More...! More of you come over...!
I'll... cum lots
Ungh... Uuugh!!
I wonder how much more time has passed since then ............ How many times have I ejaculated? ..................
I am food... their food bowl. They all come to eat me.
It needs to be shared equally with all of them. My............ Life .........
Fufufu... It seems like you don't have the energy to resist anymore...
Well then, I'll wrap you up completely... ♡ ♡ Prepare yourself... It'll feel good enough to drive you mad...
Pulled in by her tentacles, the distance between us steadily decreases...!! There's no longer anywhere left to go!!
you may be able to get away from her with the "struggle" skills...!!
Pulled in by her tentacles, the distance between us steadily decreases...!!
...... Is that okay? Being like that in front of me?
Do you want to be eaten by me? Or... do you want me to relax my guard?
That's fine... ♡ I'll gobble you up in one go...♡
Fufufu, caught you ♡
AAAaaa...♡ I c- can't, hold back...
Please... Please rape me...♡
Ufufufufu...It looks like you're already finished...♡
Well then, without hesitation... I'll eat you up....... ♡ ♡ ♡
Come on... hurry up and come to me... ♡ I'll give you lots of love.
AAAAaaaa. ♡ I won't... ever let you go... ... My husband...♡
AAAaaaaa...... ♡ ♡ Aahhhiii......... ♡ ♡ ♡
Example cummed inside Iron Maiden...
Aaahiiii ♡ I c- caaaann't... ♡ I'm gonnnna... ♡ ♡
Aaah... ♡ There's so much... I'm so happy. ♡
A pleasurable hell-like torture that I wouldn't want to escape. All I could do was gasp and cry out...
Examplesama... No, you're already my husband so I mustn't call you that. It's too formal is it not? ♡
Example... Call me "Lucy"... ♡
It's a name I've hated up until now... But I'd feel so happy if you called me that... ♡
Ah...... ahnoha...... Lushhi...... ♡
Ufufufu......... What is it, Example...? ♡
AAAah...! Oooohh! ♡ ♡ Haaah ...! Too rough...! ♡ ♡
But you have suuuch a cute face when you're drowning in pleasure... ♡ Come on, please show me your orgasm face again. ♡ ♡
AAAAAaahh......... ♡ ♡ I- I'm... I'm gonna cum aaaaagain!! ♡
Mmm, that's fine... Release it all into my womb... Don't hold a single drop back. ♡ ♡
Hiiii... I can't...... cum anymorgh... ♡ ♡ ♡ He- heeeelp... ♡ ♡ ♡
Fufufu...... Again with that... We've still got a ways to go do we not?
Whaaa... ♡ ♡ ♡ Nooooo...! I- I'm gonna breeeak ♡ ♡ ♡
Aaah, you're so, soooo cute... ♡ ♡ Please taste a lot more of my body... ♡
Aaaah....... ♡ ♡ Aaahiii........ ♡ ♡ ♡
My consciousness is fading away to this constant milking pleasure...
What am I going to do with you, Example. ♡
.........!? AAAAAaaaah ♡ ♡ ♡
Muttering the name of another woman in your sleep, that's no good at all... ♡
I have a punishment for such a flirtatious husband... ♡ ♡
Haaah... Haaah ...... ♡ ♡ ♡
I thought I was going to be endlessly milked, but surprisingly, the pressure on my body after I ejaculated was gentle.
When I calmed my breathing and looked at her, she showed me an apologetic-seeming, sad expression.
...I'm sorry. I, still don't know how to control this body's desires...
I got too carried away earlier. And I unintentionally... "killed you"...
But, I absorbed you, and once again formed and set your soul into the same shape it was. Through doing that I managed to revive you.
Wh...... what're you saying...?
Ah......!!AAAAa.........!!
I then realised. I can't feel anything past my wrists.
And not just my hands. Below my knees, and the tip of my penis.........
The parts of me that have sunk inside her body, the ends of them have disappeared, leaving only pleasure!
Uuugh! Haahh!! Haaaaah!
Though I want to confirm it with my own eyes, I've already lost all my strength to resist...
She continues talking in a cheery tone while looking down at me all flustered in her embrace.
Fufufu... That's right. You and I are now "one".
To be precise, you are "part of my body"...
Because our nerves are now connected, a certain amount of the pleasure you get is now transmitted to me. ♡
Ah......... Wonderful......... ♡ I'm so glad, I got this body ♡ ♡
AAAAA......!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!
I'd lost hope of even being released, let alone running away. She won't let me go until I literally rot away.
Did she pick up on my feelings? She starting milking me, and my thoughts were once again dominated by pleasure.
It's okay... I'll hold you properly this time ... Even if I mess up, I'll remake you again. ♡
As you follow the feeling...... Please bask in the happiness in my heart....... ♡
Foreeeeever.... ♡ ♡ And eeeeeever.... ♡ ♡
Aahaaaaa... ♡ ♡ L- Lucyyyy ♡
Oh, Example... ♡ ♡ My dearest husband... ♡ ♡
The milking continued as we called each other's names, making wet, squishing noises......
I continued to hear her whispers of love as I lay in her eternal cradle...
???「Wake up...... Example .........」
???「Wake up...... Example......」
???「What? Are you still asleep? Jeez...」
???「What? Are you still asleep? Jeez...」
Even after ejaculating, the Iron Maiden's pulsing fleshy walls were still wrapped around me, exerting a comfortable pressure on me once again.
Pleasure that attacks me without a rest even after I've ejaculated......
In contrast to her ecstacy, I was in despair.
!? Th- This is...!
Do you remember my name? "Iron Maiden"...
It's said the inspiration for me was a torture device from the Middle Ages, a device that skewers the entire body...
From now on, I'll enclose and torture you, you dishonest boy.
Throw away your meagre pride... Let the face you've fallen in love with whisper my love to you over and over...!
Haaaaah...!!Haaaah...!!!
Heeeey ♡ Won't you give my sweet nector a try? Straight from my mouth...♡ ♡
You want to find out how good it feels don't you? ♡ I'll give you the good stuff if you come over here. ♡ ♡
Wow, you've still got some reason left even in this kind of situation.
But I wonder just how long can you keep it up. You're still in my territory, you know. ♡
Uuugh...♡ L- looks tasty......
Heh haha... ♡ ♡ There's just one sweet thing over here. ♪
My feet were walking of their own volition to her, all I could see was the nectar oozing from her tongue...
Example jumped into the lampas' chest!!
Ahhaa... ♡ ♡ Welcome, nutritious little human. ♡
Well then...♡ Take your time... and savor the strong stuff like I promised you...♡ ♡
Aah, aaaheee... S- so goood... ♡
Ehehe ♡ ♡ You really like it don't you...? But I like my nutrients to be softer... ♡ ♡
Leave your body to me just like that... ♡ I'll make you feel so, so, much better...♪
Ahh ♡ You realise what's going to happen... ♡ Looking like that in front of me...? ♡ ♡
That's fine. ♡ Come on over... I'll let you smell lots of my scent...♡
Are you about there...? ♡ ♡ Well then, let it all out in one shot. ♡ ♡
Aaaah... ♡ ♡ Feels goood... ♡ I'm gonna cum...♡ I'm gonna cuuuumm ♡ ♡
Ahahah. ♡ My lovely nectar, your fine semen, we're perfect together... ♡
Hey... give me lots more... ♡ It's okay, right? Just one more time... ♡
Aw...
Well, whatever. ♡ Let's do this again sometime ♡ nutrient-kun. ♡
Example cummed inside the lampas...
Aaaahiiii ♡ Amaaaazing! ♡ I'm gonna cum!!! I'm gonna cuuuum!!♡ ♡
Ahahahahahahahahah. ♡ ♡ Okay! Shoot it out all over my feet. ♡ ♡
Ahahah... ♡♡ You let out a lot...♡ Do you get that turned on by me teasing you with my feet?
Ahahahah ♡ You'll be at your limit soon right? ♡ Go on, shoot it into my pistil with all you've got...♡
Aah Lampas-sama! ♡ I'm gunna cumm!!♡ Cuumming!!♡
Ahahah ♡♡ I got a lot of fertilization...♡ I'd totally be pregnant now if I were a human.
The lampas shows no sign of letting Example go...!!
Mmmnn... ♡ Struggling is not allowed... ♡ I'll soften you up a little more... ♡ 
Ah...♡ AAh... ♡
Fufufu... ♡ Your body's honest... ♡ I'll make you even more obedient... ♡
Oh, I let him escape... ♡ Maybe I should have held you a little more tightly... ♡
Fufu...... I get out of this darkness safely... ♡ If not, you'll turn into our nutrients... ♡
Ooh? What's your problem? Don't you like my body?
That's okay... I'll play with you until you change your mind... ♡
Ahha... ♡ ♡ Your sperm, it's sooo tasty. ♡
Haaaah!! Haaaah...!! Pl- please... Let me go...
Hmm? What's wrong? Do you perhaps feel all refreshed, and now you'd like to leave already?
But... That might be impossible... ♡ ♡ Try having a look at your feet.
W- what is this...! My feet are...!!
Fufufu. ♡ That's aaaall roots. ♡
While you were obsessed with my nectar, I fixed myself firmly to the ground. ♡
Do you get it now? You've become my "nutrition". ♡ ♡
I'll slurp you up...♡ You won't get away from me until you're all dried up. ♡
Uuugh!! No way...! AAAAAaa......!!!
Even when I try to desperately move my legs, they're stuck in place by her irregularly fixed roots, I can't even budge.
Mmmgh...!!
Heeey... ♡ Don't struggle so much. ♡ ♡ It's not so bad becoming my nutrition.
This way I can feed you my nectar mouth-to-mouth, ♡ I'll give you soooooo many nice feelings. ♡ ♡
Ahhhhh... ♡ AAAAh... ♡ ♡ Nooo...! Feels so gooooood... ♡
Haaaah!! Haaaah...!
Wow, you all tuckered out? You're panting so hard. ♡ ♡
Heere, I'll pour some energy into you. ♡ ♡
MMnnnghh...!!
Ah...... Aaheaa ..... ♡ ♡ It'sh shweeeet... ♡
Ahahah. ♡ My lovely nectar, your fine semen, we're the perfect couple, right? ♡
Let's love each other even more... ♡ Let's have a splendid light together...♡ ♡
Mnnnmmh ♡ ♡ Nmghmph... ♡
My brain's melted by the sweet nectar being fed to me mouth-to-mouth, but I know my life is being gradually sucked up by the lampas......
What kind of ending's waiting ahead for me...? My brain, melted like syrup, can no longer think about it.
Uugh..... Uugh...... My... B- body is...
You can't move your body, right? Well of course, you breathed in that pollen.
Then quickly... ♡ ♡ Let me suck up your nutrients. ♡
Hey, come on, it's a good spot, you let loose and enjoy yourself too. ♡ ♡
The lampas manipulates my arm bound in her ivy, and forces my hand onto her plump breast...
Here... Don't hold back now. Go on and rub it to your heart's content. ♡ ♡
Rub it!
Are you a little more docile now? You know, I don't need disobedient nutrients. ♪
Here, if you get now, massage it with all you have. ♡ I'll treat you real nice. ♡
My body moves against my will... Is it because of that pollen I breathed in just before?
AHHhh...♡ ♡ That's it... ♡ ♡. Mmmmm... ♡ Not bad at all... ♡
Like this, you'll splash your semen on my legs. ♡ My foot technique's amazing...♪
Nmmmmgh......!!!
Mmmmm...♡ Feels nice riding you, nutrients-kun. ♡
Haaaah...♡ Haaaaah... ♡
Ahahahahah! You shot out a lot, didn't you? ♡ Did my footjob really feel that good...? ♡
Uugh...!!
Uhufu, I know. ♡ Being in this position is humiliating as a human male. ♪
But you know even in this position, your stamen's gotten all hard. ♡
Nghuh ♡
Ahahah... ♡ Just by a little rubbing it's pulsing so hard... ♡ ♡
Don't tell me you actually like this kind of thing? ♡ Being mounted from behind by a girl, having your stamen rubbed by her feet... ♡
Nmmmnmmgh... ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡ Nmmmmggggghhgh... ♡ ♡
Haaaaah...!!Haaaah...!!
Ehehe... ♡ Was that a little too rough?
Come on, I'll send you a fresh scent... ♡ Make sure to breath it all in. ♪
Aaaah...♡ Aaaaaaah... ♡ ♡
Hey, have you calmed down? When you're ready, roughly massage my breast like you did before...♡ ♡
Ahahahahahahahah ♡ ♡ You understand now, don't you... ♡ You're totally my fertilizer... ♡
In exchange, I'll make you feel real good... ♡ ♡ I'll play with you with my squelchy feet. ♡
The intense pleasure being transmitted from my lower half with tremendous force, and the drug-like pollen I was endlessly breathing in... Were both making my conciousness wish only for her.
That's right, I'm just like her slave... From now on, until she uses me up and I die...
Huhfu ♡ I got fertilized... ♡ With that, you and I are now one... ♡
Auu......, L- Lampas-samaa... ♡ I- I'm so happy. ♡
Ahh ♡ I'm happy too... ♡ It's something you don't have to see to understand, the glow of this light on my back...
But hey... we're not done yet. ♡ Will you do your best right until the end, Nutrient-kun ...?
Yes ma'am... ♡ If it's for Lampas-sama, I'll... ♡
Come on, come on... Do your best for me. ♡ Give me more and more of your semen... ♡
Ahahah... ♡ There was so much again... ♡ ♡
It-... It feels sooo gooood, ♡ Lampas-samaaa. ♡ ♡ Mooore... ♡ ♡
Good answer... ♡ I wonder if you're a huge masochist? ♡
... You know, the truth is I was giving up. It didn't seem like there were any humans in this facility anymore...
For us lampas, our mission is to make our tail light shine bright with the soul of a human. That's what Hecate-sama made us for...
So... a lampas who can't do that is as good as dead... Even I'd gone off the rails thinking that I'd never accomplish it for all eternity.
But... ♡ ♡ Now you're here... ♡ I can accomplish my mission as a light... ♡
I'll say this before I suck you all up... ♡ Thank you for letting me embrace you... ♡ Nutrient-kun. ♡
AAaah ♡ YEEES... ♡ Shoot it out with all you have...! ♡
I can't even think about myself anymore. I can do no more than keep on shooting semen for her.
But fortunately, it's going to happen after this. I do not feel afraid in my last moments...
If I entrust my body to this pleasant feeling... ...I'll pass away without suffering...
That's right... ♡ I'll give my obedient nutrients-kun a special something... ♡
Nmmmmgh......!!!
............... Hey, can you hear me?
... He's dead?
............... Awwww ....... I wanted to have a little more fun.......
But with this, my light's turned on... Using your soul...... ♡
Fufufu... We're together forever now... ♡
As long as... I'm with you... I'm not scared...
I can't... speak anymore............ We'll always....... togeth.... er.........
L- Lampas-samaa...♡ ♡ P- please fuck me... ♡ ♡
Ahahah ♡ Hey it's Fertilizer-kun. ♪ What? Do you want me to rape you that badly?
Oh no...♡ You got aroused by me stroking you with my feet? You're the real deal I guess... ♡
... OK, I'll rape you. ♡ Now, lie down there. ♡
Aaahii... ♡ I'm so happy... Lampas-samaaa... ♡ ♡
While breathing raggedly, Example kneels at the lampas' feet...
What's this? What's this? Fertilizer-kun, what's wrong? You breathing's gotten a bit heavy.
Example tries to steady his breathing, but it doesn't work.
Are you okay? Do you need some fresh air? Here... Like this for example...
Example grasps the ivy and presses it against his mouth...
Ahahah ♡ You feel better now? ♡ Well then, shall we get started...? ♡
Heeey! Don't be so alarmed. ♪ I'm gonna give you some stuff today!
It's a lampas drop made with sweeeet nectar! And of course, I made it myself. ♪
Go on, I'll pop it in your mouth. Have one... ♡
Eat
As the lampas said, Example put one of the candies in his mouth and tried tasting it.
Ehehe, I actually wanted to make them to sell to that demon merchant girl, just to kill some time. But they came out all misshapen.
I wasn't really sure what to do with them. I'll give you these as well if you don't mind. ♡
So? So? Can I get your impression?
Ahahah♪ I know right! Actually, this time, I was pretty confident in the taste. ♡
Decline
............ My body's kinda warm......!!
I got lampas "syrup" from the lampas.
Fufufu...... ‥ You've gotten pretty drunk on it ♡ My nectar's always delicious, no? ♪
It's strange, isn't it...? To do what I'm doing so easily now, you humans have to go about in such a roundabout way... ♡
Make someone fall in love with you... go on "dates", have conversations......
I... might be a little jealous... You humans are a little more complicated than us...
Sorry... ♡ I got a bit lost in thought... ♡
Okaaay, I'll give you lots of energy....♡ ♡
But... I decided to stop thinking about it. This is my "Affection" to you... ♡
............ Example. Have a look at me. ♡
T-... This is...! D- don't tell me...!!
Fufufu... ♡ That's right... ♡ They're "Roots" to fix us to the ground... ♡
It seems I can't take your soul in this space, But that doesn't mean I can't assimilate you into me... ♡ ♡
But......... I......... If possible, I want your "consent"...
Will you... Be together...? With me...?
It's okay... I'll stop....... Depending on your reply.............
O- okay... If that's your expression of love...
I'll accept it... Let's light your lamp together... ♡
... I'm so happy. ♡
It's not like my brain had turned to mush from drinking too much of her nectar or anything... I'd agreed to her "determination" from the bottom of my heart.
I wouldn't say I had any regrets... If it meant being together with her for the rest of my life, then...
Fufufufufufu. ♪ Get up, silly!!
Hmmmm... If I'm gonna let you go, I want a taste. ♡ Just a taste. Let me have a taste of your vitality. ♡
Ahahah ♡ Thanks. ♡ Well, a promise's a promise. ♡
Ahha ♡ You're sucking my nipples so desperately... ♡
Well then, how about this?
Ehehe ...... ♡ Only sour nectar ever comes out of my breasts. They're sweet because this is a dream. ♡
Drink lots, and grow up to be a good, obedient child. Ahaha... ♡
Does my hand... feel that good...? In here, it's made of the same stuff as my ivy. ♪
So it can delicately move unrestricted... ♡ Shall I rape your ass next? Ahahah... ♡
That's it... ♡ Just relax...
Real good... Let me make you feel reeeal goood... ♡
Eeh? You've already woken up...? Awww, what a shame...
But... your semen really is delicious... ♡ I won't give up...♪
I've gotten back some of my fighting spirit against Lampas...
I've gotten back some of my fighting spirit against Lampas...
Example's consciousness is fading away... His vision is melting away into darkness...
Ahah... ♥ Have you gotten all hazy? You can't run anymore... I win. ♪
Even in reality, my roots are tightly wound around you... ♡
Intertwined together like this... Let's make a splendid light... ♡
The barghest wags her tail and runs round and round Example.
It feels like our relationship has deepened.
*excited whine* ♡
Ah ............ Aaah......... ♡ ♡ Feels... gooood... ‥ ♡ ♡ ♡
A certain morning on holiday. I was supposed to go camping with my friend and our girlfriends, four people all up.
It will surely be a nice holiday where mutual relations deepen. Or it was supposed to be...
It was supposed to be...
This seems to be the bed I was sleeping in. Actually it's more like a capsule if anything.
It seems I was asleep on this... bed? Actually it looks more like a capsule.
It seems to have stopped operating.
It doesn't seem to be working anymore.
It's a strange machine. The display says "cryogenic stasis exit complete".
Was I in cryogenic stasis? How the hell...?
The captain completed the evacuation of critical patients to this facility. If the cryogenic stasis procedure for this patient is completed, we will prepare for withdrawal as well.
The captain completed the evacuation of serious patients to this facility. When the cryogenic stasis procedure of this patient is completed, we will be preparing for withdrawal as well.
This man is an acquaintance of the captain, a really important, close friend apparently. Though the captain always gets results on the front lines, I understand the reason behind voluntarily accepting this kind of paperwork duty.
This guy is an acquaintance of the captain. He's a very important and close friend. Now I understand why the captain who always goes to the frontlines is here doing this paperwork. I see why he took this role.
There aren't any particularly dangerous demons, around here. I want to go back home and have a drink. I have so much free time I'm actually writing this kind of note.
There aren't any particularly dangerous demons, around here. I want to go back home and have a drink. I have so much free time I'm actually writing this kind of note.
...? This memo ends abruptly. Did something happen...?
...? This memo ends abruptly after this. Did something happen?
Is this...... a radio? It looks like it's linked to a PC...
This is... a radio? It seems like it's linked with a computer...
Only one thing for it, let's get this thing online!
!! Only one part of it is marked 「online」
With a feeling of desperation, I clicked on the button and got a wireless radio.
With my heart sinking, I click on the button and pick up the wireless mic.
Please... Connect...
Please... Connect...
?「............ this is D point, station area platform.」
？「…………This is D point. The Station area platform.」
!!! Hello?! Can you hear me?!
!!! Hello? Can you hear me?!!
?「Is that a survivor ...? I didn't think there were any left...」
？「A survivor? I didn't think there were any left.」
Su- Survivors...!? None left anymore...!? ...... What happened here!?
Sur...Survivor!? There aren't any more left? What happened here?! 
?「First calm down. State your name and current location.........」
？「First, calm down. What's your name and current location...」
?「......... Wait, the transmission source is... No way Example? Example is that you!?」
？「....Wait, this source is.... No way! Is that you Example? Example it's you isn't it!?」
Why, is my name so...
Ho... How do you know my name?
?「I'm Yuuma! Your friend! You've got some timing waking up now...」
Yuuma!? What do you mean by "timing"...?
Yu... Yuuma!? Now...
Hey! What happened in that car!? What kind of situation am I in!! 
Hey, what happened in that car!? What kind of situation, am I in right now!? 
Gargh...!!
Yuuma「Example!!! Calm down! You just woke from cryogenic stasis! You'll lose conciousness if you get too agitated!」
Yuuma「Example!!! Calm down! You just awoke from cryogenic stasis! If you get too excited, you will lose consciousness!」
Haaaaaah......! Haaaaah......!!!
Haaah...Haaah....!!!
Yuuma「You alright? Think you can move, Example?」
Yuuma「How are you? Do you think you can move, Example.」
Yeah, thanks Yuuma.
Aaaa... Thank you, Yuuma.
Yuuma「...Yeah, it's pretty understandable you'd be confused when you look it from your point of view.」
Yuuma「......That's right. If you look at it from your perspective, you went from that situation, directly into this. It makes sense that you'd be confused.」
Yuuma「However, it's hard to hear you from this terminal, we also aren't able to pick up each other's images either.」
Yuuma「But from this terminal, I'm having trouble hearing you. We can't see each other either...」
Yuuma「There's a communications room just ahead, we can go over everything there.」
Yuuma「Not too far from there, there's a communication room. If you go there, we can talk in more depth.」
Oh, right... okay. I'll head out of this room. 
Ah... I understand. For now, I'll leave this room.
OK, I can still feel the air on my thighs, but this is at least a little better.
Ok, even though there's a bit too much breathing room in these pants, it's definitely a little better.
............? Did a door open somewhere...?
*Pant* ...... *Pant* ......... *Pant* ......... *Pant*
Wh- what is that? That creature...! A dog...? No, but that face...
Yuuma「Dog...? That might be a barghest. Oh that's right, you don't even know about the existence of demons.」
Barghest...? That thing's a demon...?
Yuuma「I'll tell you more in the communications room. They're not particularly dangerous, but it'll be a nuisance if you're spotted.」
Understood. For the time being, I'll get in the communications room so it doesn't notice me.
It leaped on me as soon as I opened the door. That demon earlier referred to as a barghest.
In a quick surprise attack, she knocked me off balance and clambered on top of me.
Hahhh...! Hahhh...!! Wh- what was that just now?
But exhaustion quickly followed relief, and these incomprehensible events made me feel like I was on the verge of blacking out again.
A-... Anyway... I need to... move forward.
Urgh...
I can't spot any bullet wounds or injuries from that shock wave I made. One of her hindpaws looks like it got hit though, it's pretty swollen.
Even though you can heal parts of yourself that were attacked by your opponent. Can you not heal parts of your body that were indirectly attacked?
Or did you reach the limit of your abilities in that last battle we had...?
Okay, that should do it.
*whimper*...
Well, you know, it feels a bit weird saying that kind of thing after shooting at you so much. Haha. 
I'm... I'm sorry... For hurting you.
...Woof ♡
I wonder if it understood I meant no harm. Once again, it tried to get my clothes off as it came up to my face.
Wait a minute!! Wait Wait!! Calm down!!
Listen to me!! There's a good girl!!
It stopped attacking the moment I said "wait", staring at me with an unhappy look on its face.
A look as if to say, "Why not?".
Th-...Thank you .... you understood what I said ...more or less.
Let's see....... There's umm...... Someone else I like... err, there's a female who's not you I have my heart set on.
So, I can't...m- mate with you. I'm sorry...
*sad whine*
The barghest made a sad sound, and tottered off back where it had originally come from.
... I wonder if it understood all that? I feel a little bad for it...
Example!! Please respond! Example!!! Are you okay?!!
Yuuma? Yeah... everything's okay here.
Thank goodness!! I lost both audio and video the moment you opened that door. It's now finally reconnected.
What on earth happened?
There was one of those barghest demons on the other side of the door, it suddenly jumped on me. I managed somehow, but I guess it was kind of a close call...
What happened? Example? You don't sound that tense. Did you get hurt anywhere?
.................. Hey Yuuma. Can I ask you something? It's about my body...
... Hold on, there's a rest area nearby. Let's talk after you get there.
If barghests are over there, demons might be spread all throughout that zone.
At the very least, it should be a lot safer to talk in the rest area than out in that passage.
... Understood.
I'd already calmed down, but I was still puzzled by that incident just before.
Because I had this weird feeling in my right hand like a shock wave could still shoot out of it...
There is no combat here in this land anymore. But for men, this place may be harsher than the battlefield.
Though they don't like conflict, female demons are very interested in humans. They prowl all over the place looking for "playmates".
They do not treat us as humans but as food. That is, something only to be milked and eaten.
You can continue to survive as a human as long as you don't pour your semen into them.
The idiots who want to be food for them can do whatever they want. I'll get away even if I have to crawl.
Someone's scribblings
WAKE UP!! Example!!
AAAAH! Stop with the gut punches already!!!
Ah!! You're finally up! I guess that's what it takes...
Good grief...... Shamelessly going back to sleep on this important day. Looks like you've got plenty of time to spare, Lord Example.
I mean, Reina. How did you get in my room...?
Are you still half-asleep? We both went to get a duplicate key made last week.
Oh...... that's right.
You don't remember? Hey, is it really okay for me to have this key?
Hmmm... It might not be okay. A certain someone's punched me pretty good.
Oh, ahaha... sorry. It was because you weren't really getting up.
Ah! Anyway! Today's the day you promised to go with Micah and the others isn't it!? How long are you gonna sleep!
Both Yuuma and Micah are waiting outside by the car! Hurry up and come out! Example.
With Yuuma and the others...? Was that today?
Ah... well I'm changed into clothes for going out, I prepared myself so I could sleep in...
There's really no time to look at the PC...
I want to check my messages but Yuuma's going to be driving so I might check them in the car.
"Shadow of a demon in M.O.W.! Multiple eyewitness accounts have been collected!!" Is M.O.W. that religious organization...?
Ha ha ha... "Demons" in this era... It's so peaceful that the media can only ever write about this kind of thing...
My kitchen. I can cook the basics. I don't use it that much since Reina brings over meals.
It was beautiful before it got filled with unwashed dishes. I'm not very good at cleaning up after all.
Don't tell me you're thinking of taking a rest in this pink bed.
... Certainly, if you rest here you'll fully recover your willpower and vitality just like you normally would, and your lust will also reset to zero.
 this place isn't a rest area, which means it's not safe.
They'll enter your dreams and make you submit to them.
So, using your "Struggle" skill will be a little different from usual.
............ Are you seriously gonna sleep here? Then I'll teach you how to "Struggle".
in a dream. You can't use guns, magic, actions, or items.
But the other side will attack normally, and try to make you ejaculate.
It's not like you're ejaculating in reality, but it's definitive "Proof of submission".
Every time you ejaculate, you stack up "Sleeping" Bad Statuses, the more they stack up, the harder it'll get for you to wake up.
you can't struggle normally. It's completely their sphere of influence.
the only action you can do.
100 (random string) skills. Make all the bad sleeping statuses disappear. Easy, right?
100 (random string) Danger Zone.
it's game over.
100 (random string)Wake Up skill doesn't use up your vitality like "Struggle" normally does. And its use isn't restricted by bindings either.
Unless you've stacked up bad statuses, it should be simple enough to wake up.
You must not go along with your opponent's temptations.
 that "Hell's Indulgence" won't work.
Well, not so much won't work, but even if you're teleported back, your heart will remain captive, so it'd be pretty pointless.
it's not like you'll 100% for sure be attacked if you sleep in the pink bed.
you'll be targetted if your willpower's at less than half. If you want to have a proper rest, have a drink or something before going to bed.
Woof♪
Ah...♡ ♡ ♡ Riding you feels so goood ♡ ♡ ♡ ♡
Example is being fucked by the lampas!!
Example is being fucked by the lampas!!
Ahahah♪ You came, you came...♡ 
your consciousness is being drawn into the dream...!
your consciousness is being drawn into the dream...!
Example couldn't resist the building lust and has ejaculated!!
Example couldn't resist the building lust and has ejaculated!!
The demon leaves, satisfied...
Will you give up vitality to the demon?
About the '!' Marker"
About Security of the Residential Block
Password confirmed, unlocking.
To The Evacuation Shelter Administrators
A Messily Torn Journal
Hyakki skillfully leaped over the mass of piping in the ceiling. Eventually leaving through an opening in the ceiling.
Yuuma gets choked up while staring at me through the screen. This guy's as sincere as ever.
Some Notes
Lampas stretched the tip of her foot out to Example.
Example gently puts his lips on Lampas' foot.
Example, entranced, grabbed Lampas' foot.
!!!!!!!! ♡ ♡
It would seem I can't wake up anymore...
And worst of all. I accidently threw my gun off somewhere!
The abnormality in my body subsided as I steadied my breathing.
*Giggle*......... *Giggle*.........
*Giggle*......... Did you breath it in? ♡ You breathed it in didn't you? ♡
............... ♡♡♡
!!!!
!!!!?